Ajani Resolute	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ajani 	33	WG	2GW	s
s
s		[+1]: Distribute two +1/+1 counters among up to two target creatures. You gain 2 life.
[-1]: Create a 2/2 green Cat Warrior creature token.
[-3]: Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
[-7]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +X/+X, where X is your life total.”	planeswalker	MYSTERY	4	REPLACEMEPaladin's Attendant	W	cube	Creature — Human Soldier 	6	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)
Whenever Paladin’s Attendant encourages a creature, that creature gains first strike until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEAstral Leech	B	cube	Enchantment Creature — Leech 	15	B	BBB		3/3	Deathtouch
Chronicle (As this enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Stop after III.)
[Lore I-II] You may sacrifice another creature. If you do, draw a card.
[Lore III] Remove all lore counters from Astral Leech. Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	leveler	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEEndless Hydra	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	29	G	4G	Colossal 4—4GGG (You may cast this for its colossal cost to have it enter with four +1/+1 counters; or pay 4GGG as a sorcery: Put four +1/+1 counters on it if it has none.)
Whenever a nontoken creature you control with a counter on it dies, create a 4/4 green Hydra creature token.	4/4		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEAnzen, Beyond the Sea		cube	Legendary Land	43	C		Each land is an Island in addition to its other land types.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEFlood of Information	U	cube	Sorcery	9	U	4U	Return all creatures with toughness 3 or less to their owners’ hands.
Investigate three times. (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEHao'Tai, the Reverent	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	22	R	3RR	Flying
Whenever Hao’Tai deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top five cards of their library and separates them into two piles. Put an ember counter on each card in the pile of your choice. You may play cards from exile with ember counters for as long as they remain exiled.	5/5		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEChaos Is Your Redemption	UR	cube	Instant	34	UR	1UR	Search your library for three differently named noncreature, nonland cards with mana value 3 or less not named Chaos Is Your Redemption and exile them, then shuffle. If you exile three cards this way, cast one at random without paying its mana cost. Then shuffle the rest into your library.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMESlaffield Workgate	W	cube	Enchantment	7	W	W	Whenever Slaffield Workgate or another enchantment you control enters, create a 0/2 white Ox creature token.
3W: Return another target enchantment you control to its owner’s hand.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEGriffin Country	U	cube	Enchantment	11	U	1U	Griffin Country enters with a feather counter on it.
Creatures with flying you control get +1/+1.
U, Remove a feather counter from Griffin Country: Put a flying counter on target creature you control.
2U, Remove a feather counter from Griffin Country: Search your library for a creature card with flying, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEInishtu, Desert Healer	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Orc Cleric 	16	B	1B	Whenever Inishtu, Desert Healer enters or attacks, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if seven or more cards are in your graveyard, you may transform Inishtu.	2/3		transform double faced	MYSTERY		Inishtu, Herald of the Dead	B	Legendary Creature — God 	B		Indestructible
2B, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	4/5			REPLACEMEJobiah, Devoted Farmer	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Goat Farmer 	30	G	3G	When Jobiah, Devoted Farmer enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control six or more lands with different names, you may transform Jobiah.	2/2		transform double faced	MYSTERY		Jobiah the World-Shepherd	G	Legendary Creature — God 	G		Indestructible
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may untap target land you control. If you do, that land becomes an X/X green Beast creature with haste until end of turn, where X is the number of differently named lands you control. It’s still a land.	3/3			REPLACEMEArchaezus, Dark Salvation	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	14	B	5BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment you control.
Flying, lifelink, trample
Disturb 6BB. That spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment you control. (You may cast this card from your graveyard transformed for its disturb cost.)	6/6		transform double faced	MYSTERY		Enrapturing Grudge	B	Legendary Enchantment — Aura Curse 	B		Enchant opponent
At the beginning of enchanted player’s upkeep, they choose one that hasn’t been chosen yet —
• They discard three cards.
• They sacrifice three nonland permanents.
• You transform Enrapturing Grudge.
If Enrapturing Grudge would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.				REPLACEMECareless Violence	R	cube	Sorcery	21	R	RR	Careless Violence deals 2 damage to each creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEChratteri Restoration	G	cube	Sorcery	28	G	2GG	Each player gains 4 life and returns all land cards from their graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEShredder of Barricades	R	cube	Creature — Werewolf 	25	R	1RR	Haste
Each creature with toughness greater than its power can’t block.	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEGambling Table		cube	Artifact	38	G	3	At the beginning of your upkeep, you win the game if the total mana value of permanents you control is exactly 21. If it’s more than 21, sacrifice Gambling Table and all Card tokens you control. Otherwise, create a colorless Card artifact token with mana cost 2 and “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEInquisitor's Chamber		cube	Land	47	B		Inquisitor’s Chamber enters tapped.
T: Add B.
BB, T, Sacrifice another permanent: Draw a card.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEBai Long Ma, Fabled Innocence	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Dragon Spirit 	2	W	2W		1/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
1W: Demigod
Return up to one target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
3W: God
Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with the least power among creatures you control.	class	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEMessenger of the Heavens	U	cube	Creature — Bird Monk 	12	U	U	Flying
When Messenger of the Heavens enters, surveil 1.
Whenever Messenger of the Heavens deals combat damage to a player, exile any number of target creatures in its pack, then return them to the battlefield under your control.	1/2		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEAelwen, Crimson Battleguard	WBR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	37	WBR	1R/WB	First strike, menace
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
At the beginning of each combat, you may pay 1. When you do, another target creature gains melee until end of turn. (If a creature has multiple instances of melee, each triggers separately.)	2/2		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEYi Cang, Thief of Blessings		cube	Legendary Creature — Shapeshifter Monk 	1	C	1	Yi Cang, Thief of Blessings enters with a +1/+1 counter on them.
1: Yi Cang becomes a copy of target creature in their pack, except their name is Yi Cang, Thief of Blessings, they’re legendary in addition to their other types, and they have this ability.	0/0		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEIsochron Wand		cube	Artifact	39	C	3	As Isochron Wand enters, you may exile an instant or sorcery card with mana value 1 from your hand.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may copy the exiled card. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost if the spell’s mana value is 1.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMECave of Pleonexia		cube	Land	44	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Cave of Pleonexia: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that player each create a Treasure token. Activate only as a sorcery and only if that land’s controller controls four or more lands. (A Treasure token is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEIrticull's Vanguard	W	cube	Creature — Human Monk 	3	W	WWW	When Irticull’s Vanguard enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Irticull’s Vanguard leaves the battlefield.
Reprocess 1WWW (Cast a copy of this from your graveyard by exiling it and paying 1WWW. Spend only mana from differently named sources this way.)	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEIvenge, False God	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ivenge 	4	W	2WW	Exile up to one target nonland permanent unless its controller pays 1.
Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. Its controller adds WW. Until the end of that player’s next turn, they don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.
Exile all permanents your opponents control. For each permanent exiled this way, its controller creates a colorless Plains basic land token.		Tap an untapped creature you control: Put a loyalty counter on Ivenge, False God. Activate only once each turn.
[+1]: Exile up to one target non-Plains permanent. At the beginning of that card’s owner’s next upkeep, return it to the battlefield under their control.
[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. They create a colorless Plains basic land token. (It has “T: Add W.”)
[-10]: Exile all permanents your opponents control. For each permanent exiled this way, its controller creates a colorless Plains basic land token.	planeswalker	MYSTERY	3	REPLACEMEMoonlight Sanctum	W	cube	Enchantment	5	W	2W	As Moonlight Sanctum enters, choose Waxing or Waning.
• Waxing — At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life for each enchantment you control.
• Waning — Nonenchantment spells cost 1 more to cast.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEDiscoveries Worth Forgetting	U	cube	Instant	8	U	3UU	Search your library for up to thirteen cards, exile them, then shuffle.
Draw three cards.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEUnion Rail Strikebreaker	U	cube	Creature — Human Artificer 	13	U	1U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.	1/1		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEGodwatcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	10	U	2UU	When Godwatcher enters, search any player’s library for a creature card, exile it, then they shuffle their library.
When Godwatcher dies, put the exiled card onto the battlefield under your control.	1/4		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEVillainy	B	cube	Enchantment	18	B	BBB	Whenever one or more creatures die for the first time each turn, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Whenever you cast a black noncreature spell, Villainy deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEKarmic Exorcism	B	cube	Sorcery	17	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card revealed this way. That player discards that card.
You lose 2 life and create a 2/1 black Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEWarden of Distortion	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Nightmare Dragon 	19	B	3BB	Flying
If Warden of Distortion would die, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, Warden of Distortion becomes a copy of that creature, except it’s a 4/4 Nightmare Dragon and it has flying and this ability. It gains indestructible until end of turn. 	4/4		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMELife's Work	R	cube	Enchantment	24	R	1R	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a brush counter on Life’s Work, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a card with mana value greater than or equal to the number of brush counters on Life’s Work, then put that card into your hand.			normal	MYSTERY		maybe 2R and castREPLACEMEBloodstained Calamity	R	cube	Sorcery	20	R	XRR	Align X (Choose modes with total V less than or equal to X. You may choose modes multiple times.)
• V — Bloodstained Calamity deals 1 damage to each creature, player, and planeswalker.
• VV — Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Bloodstained Calamity.
• VVVVV— Bloodstained Calamity deals 10 damage to any target.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEInversion of Flesh	R	cube	Sorcery	23	R	4R	Inversion of Flesh deals 5 damage to each creature and each planeswalker, and 5 damage to each player with the highest life total or tied for highest life total among players.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEBrutality	G	cube	Enchantment	27	G	GGG	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment that player controls.
Whenever you cast a green creature spell, create a 3/3 green Wurm creature token with trample.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEAbominable Mongrel	G	cube	Creature — Hound Dog Horror 	26	G	1G	Heretic (Whenever you cast a spell that doesn’t share a color with this creature, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Discard a card: Abominable Mongrel gets +1/+1 and becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MYSTERY		Misc.REPLACEMEReclamation Grovesculptor	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid 	31	G	3GG	Whenever Reclamation Grovesculptor enters or attacks, put a growth counter on target noncreature permanent. It becomes a colorless Forest land and loses all other card types and land types.	5/5		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEShadowbinder Touka	UBR	cube	Legendary Creature — Avatar 	36	UBR	UBR	When Shadowbinder Touka enters or attacks, exile up to one target creature card from a graveyard.
You may play creature cards exiled with Touka.
Sacrifice another creature: Add two mana in any combination of colors. You can’t spend this mana to cast spells from your hand. If this mana is spent to cast a creature spell, that creature enters with a finality counter on it.	2/3		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEGeetha, Glass-Shaper	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Elf Artificer 	35	UR	UR	1UR, T: Create a token that’s a copy of another target creature, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types and has “Whenever this creature is dealt damage, destroy it.”	1/3		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEShi Hou, the Sun King	BR	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Monk 	32	BR	1BR		3/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Ward—Discard a card.
BR: Demigod
Draw a card, then discard a card. You may have each opponent sacrifice a nonland permanent with the same mana value as the discarded card.
4BR: God
Create two tokens that are copies of Shi Hou’s back face.	transform double faced	MYSTERY		Sun King's Shadow	BR	Planeswalker — Hou 	BR				[+1]: Each opponent loses 1 life for each card you’ve drawn this turn. Then you draw a card.
[-2]: Shi Hou, the Sun King deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain 2 life. If that permanent was already dealt damage this turn, destroy it.
	5	REPLACEMEMindwave Rod		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	40	C	2	When Mindwave Rod enters, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”
Equip 2			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEXenocrata's Fleet		cube	Artifact	42	C	3	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may have Xenocrata’s Fleet become a 4/4 Ship artifact creature with haste until end of turn.
Whenever Xenocrata’s Fleet deals combat damage to an opponent, create that many 1/1 red Warrior creature tokens.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEShining Crusader		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	41	C	3	Shining Crusader has protection from all colors as long as you control no colored permanents.	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEDerelict Town		cube	Land	46	C		T: Add one mana of any color.
When you tap Derelict Town for mana, return it to its owner’s hand.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEDefect's Precinct		cube	Land	45	WURG		T: Add C.
3R: Until end of turn, Defect’s Precinct becomes a 3/3 creature. It’s still a land. It has trample if G was spent to activate this ability, has vigilance if W was spent, and has hexproof if U was spent.			normal	MYSTERY		REPLACEMEMosecf, the Sunseeker's Path		cube	Legendary Land — Plains 	48	C		Mosecf, the Sunseeker’s Path enters tapped.
Whenever a creature you control attacks, put a creation counter on Mosecf.
T, Remove ten creation counters from Mosecf and sacrifice it: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	MYSTERY		!remaster: rebalanceREPLACEME