Aparodist		cube	Creature — Shapeshifter 	1	C	2	As Aparodist enters, choose a non-Human creature type.
Aparodist is the chosen type in addition to its other types.
1, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control of the chosen type.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBlind Eternal		cube	Creature — Eldrazi 	2	C	9	Flying
Blind Eternal can’t be blocked by creatures with mana value 2 or less.
3, Discard Blind Eternal: Search your library for a noncreature card with a mana ability, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	8/8		normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEFormless Eidolon		cube	Creature — Spirit Horror 	3	C	5	Flying, vigilance
When Formless Eidolon enters, create a tapped token that’s a copy of target land you control.
Evoke 3 (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThe Infinite		cube	Legendary Creature — Angel 	4	C	8	Flying
You pay 0 to cast your first spell each turn rather than its mana cost. If you cast a spell with X in its mana cost this way, X is 8.	4/8		normal	MC25		!design FleurREPLACEMERestless Explorer		cube	Creature — Human Scout 	5	C	3	When Restless Explorer enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT:gynoidpoetREPLACEMEZareen's Pariah		cube	Creature — Djinn Shaman 	6	WUBRG	6	Zareen’s Pariah is all colors.
Flying
During each of your turns, you may cast a spell of each color from your graveyard.	5/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAnointed Cursebreaker	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric Soldier 	8	W	1W	Lifelink
When Anointed Cursebreaker enters, you may exile target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls. When Anointed Cursebreaker is no longer on the battlefield, return the exiled card to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArtificial Sanctity	W	cube	Enchantment	9	W	4W	Creatures you control get +2/+2.
Lifecycle 3 (3, Discard this card: Create two tapped 1/1 colorless Elemental creature tokens.)			normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEAstral Capricine	W	cube	Enchantment Creature — Goat 	10	W	WWW		3/3	First strike
Chronicle (As this enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Stop after III.)
[Lore I-II] Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures you control.
[Lore III] Remove all lore counters from Astral Capricine. Create two 0/1 white Goat creature tokens.	leveler	MC25		REPLACEMEAtal, the Shroudmaker	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Horror 	11	W	4WWW	Once each turn, when Atal, the Shroudmaker enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may create two tapped 1/1 colorless Human creature tokens. If Atal isn’t a token, creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.
2WW, Discard Atal: Create a token that’s a copy of Atal, the Shroudmaker, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvengeance Angel	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	12	W	3WW	Flying
Whenever Avengeance Angel attacks, you may put a creature card with mana value 2 or less from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.	4/4		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan
!design HerziQuerziREPLACEMEAyala's Blessing	W	cube	Enchantment	13	W	3W	When Ayala’s Blessing enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to two target creatures.
Whenever an embattled creature you control dies, you may return it to its owner’s hand. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBanishing Initiate	W	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	14	W	1W	When Banishing Initiate enters, you may exile target nonland permanent you don’t control until Banishing Initiate leaves the battlefield.
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Banishing Initiate if a card exiled with it has mana value 3 or greater.	3/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBattlesuit Prototyping	W	cube	Enchantment — Project 	15	W	W	Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, you may put a progress counter on Battlesuit Prototyping.		
[progress 2-6] 
[progress 7+] 	leveler	MC25		REPLACEMEBeyond the Veil	W	cube	Enchantment	16	W	1W	When Beyond the Veil enters, another target nonland permanent phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)
Nonland permanents you don’t control with mana value 3 or less can’t phase in.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBioluminescent Display	W	cube	Instant	18	W	2W	Return up to one target spell to its owner’s hand.
Create two 1/1 blue Elemental creature tokens with flying. They can’t block this turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	19	W	1WW	Vigilance
When Cai Lan enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECassia the Carefree	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Cassia 	20	W	2WW			Wander 2WW (You may cast this from the battlefield for its wander cost.)
[-1]: Create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying or a 2/2 black Cat creature token.
[-2]: If a permanent entering the battlefield under your control this turn causes an ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
[-3]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	planeswalker	MC25	5	REPLACEMECelestial Concordance	W	cube	Sorcery	21	W	3WW	Choose one —
• Destroy all creatures.
• Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEChronicles of the Kitsune	W	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	22	W	W			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Chronicles of the Kitsune enters, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.
2WW: Act I: Ascent
Creature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have flying.
3WW: Act II: Descent
At the beginning of your end step, if you control no creatures, create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEConscious Taboo	W	cube	Creature — Spirit 	23	W	1W	When Conscious Taboo enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a noncreature, nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may play it. A spell cast this way costs 2 more to cast.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEntelan Idealist	W	cube	Creature — Human Wizard Scout 	24	W	W	Whenever you make first contact, Entelan Idealist gets +2/+2 until end of turn. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEEvolution's End	W	cube	Instant	25	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker. Its controller conjures a card named Data-Point into their hand. (It’s a sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!FT: SplashcatREPLACEMEFolsen, King of Valimir	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	26	W	2W	Whenever a Plains you control enters, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.
Whenever you attack, you may search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFulguration	W	cube	Sorcery	27	W	3WW	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 3W.
Choose a nonland permanent type. Destroy all permanents of the chosen type. If this spell’s additional cost was paid, destroy all permanents of the chosen type you don’t control instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGaoming, Foxes' Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	28	W	W	As long as you control five or more creatures, if you would create a token, you may instead create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design CyberChronometerREPLACEMEGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	29	W	1W	First strike
Noncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.
Creatures with mana value 3 or greater enter tapped.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHanabira, Kogane's Legacy	W	cube	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	30	W	WW	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, until your next turn, up to one target creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.
Equip 2			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHelena, the Awakener	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Helena 	31	W	1WW			[+1]: Create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token. If you control three or more Clerics, you may instead create Aspect of Faradia, a legendary 5/5 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.
[-1]: Exile target creature if you control an Angel. Otherwise, that creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated until your next turn.
[-7]: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain flying and vigilance until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEHeliod, the Ceaseless Dawn	W	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	32	W	3W	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white is less than five, Heliod isn’t a creature.
If an effect would create one or more kinds of tokens under your control, it creates an additional token of each kind. 
3W: Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHerald of the White Orchid	W	cube	Creature — Human Soldier 	33	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)
Whenever a creature deals combat damage to a player, if it was encouraged by Herald of the White Orchid this turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInconspicuous Loxodon	W	cube	Artifact Creature — Elephant 	35	W	1W	Advance 3WW (Cast this for 3WW to advance it as it enters. 3WW: Advance this as a sorcery.)
Whenever Inconspicuous Loxodon advances, search your library for an Equipment card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
As long as Inconspicuous Loxodon is enchanted or equipped, he’s a 5/5 legendary Elephant Rogue named Agent E.	1/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEJusticiar Overseer	W	cube	Creature — Angel Soldier 	36	W	2W	Flash
Flying
When Justiciar Overseer enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrainREPLACEMEKernel Quarantine	W	cube	Enchantment	37	W	3W	This spell has flash as long as you control another enchantment.
When Kernel Quarantine enters, exile all other creatures until Kernel Quarantine leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManREPLACEMELegacy Warmask	W	cube	Artifact — Equipment 	38	W	1W	When Legacy Warmask enters, return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Legacy Warmask to that creature.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELuna, Loyal Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Fox 	39	W	1W	When Luna enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter or loyalty counter on target creature or planeswalker.
Whenever another creature or planeswalker enters, you may exile Luna. Return her to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step.	1/1		normal	MC25		!design CajunREPLACEMEMargyd's Celebrant	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric Knight 	40	W	W	Improve 1W (1W: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to attacking embattled creatures you control. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOnce More with Heart	W	cube	Sorcery	41	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value is less than 3, you gain life equal to the difference.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManREPLACEMEOrder Module	W	cube	Enchantment — Module 	42	W	2WW			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.
(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)
WWW: Purpose
Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
WWW: Justice
Exile target nonland permanent you don’t control until Order Module leaves the battlefield.
WWW: Unity
Order Module gains “Creatures you control get +1/+1.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEPious Flutist	W	cube	Creature — Human Bard 	44	W	W	When Pious Flutist enters, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffydeathbringer2REPLACEMEPromised Exaltation	W	cube	Creature — Angel Spirit 	45	W	3WW	Flying
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, choose one —
• Exile target creature with power less than that creature’s power.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on that creature.
• That creature gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn. Untap it.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEProud Lion	W	cube	Creature — Cat 	46	W	W	Sacrifice Proud Lion: Counter target spell that targets you.
Ride 1W (Transform this and attach it to target creature you control without a Steed. Ride only as a sorcery.)	2/1		transform double faced	MC25		Mount of Heroes	W	Enchantment — Aura Steed 	W		(Transform this if it’s not attached to a creature. Pay 1W as a sorcery to unattach it.)
Enchant creature you control
Mount of Heroes’s rider gets +2/+1.
Sacrifice Mount of Heroes: Counter target spell that targets you or Mount of Heroes’s rider.				REPLACEMEQueen Andarli, the Fierce	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble Soldier 	47	W	1W	First strike
Other creatures you control have protection from mana value 3 or greater.	2/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet
!design BerglandREPLACEMESeraph of the Stage	W	cube	Creature — Construct Angel 	49	W	2WW	Flying
Whenever you cycle Seraph of the Stage or it attacks, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)
Basic landcycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESolari's Faithful	W	cube	Creature — Elf Cleric 	50	W	4WW	Whenever you make first contact, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESpectral Chains	W	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	51	W	2W	Enchant creature
When Spectral Chains enters, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
As long as you control a creature, enchanted creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETegan, the Sparrowhawk	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Archer 	52	WR	W	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Whenever Tegan, the Sparrowhawk attacks, you may pay R/W. When you do, Tegan deals 1 damage to target creature if it’s tapped. Otherwise, tap it.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnwrite	W	cube	Instant	53	W	1W	Choose one —
• Unwrite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEVisions of Sand and Steel	W	cube	Enchantment	54	W	2W	Whenever you attack, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 1. Attach it to an attacking creature you control.
At the beginning of your end step, untap each embattled creature you control. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEXifang Hu, Light Within	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Cat Monk 	55	W	1W		2/2	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Xifang Hu enters, noncreature spells cost 2 more to cast until your next turn.
1W: Demigod
Whenever a creature attacks this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token.
4WW: God
Distribute a flying, first strike, indestructible, lifelink, vigilance, and +1/+1 counter among any number of creatures you control.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEZareen, the Second Shah	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	56	W	2W	When Zareen, the Second Shah enters, search your library for a creature card with mana value 2 or less or a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Monument 2WW (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Throne of Soli	W	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	W		Each creature you control enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Each planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.				REPLACEMEAbscond	U	cube	Sorcery	57	U	XU	Gain control of target noncreature, nonland permanent with mana value X.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEAetheric Researcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Scientist 	58	U	U	Whenever you make first contact, you may draw a card. If you do, put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAgent of Deception	U	cube	Creature — Merfolk Rogue 	59	U	1U	Flash
When Agent of Deception enters, counter target creature or planeswalker spell unless its controller pays X, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBuoyant Thoughts	U	cube	Sorcery	60	U	2UUU	Draw four cards, then untap up to two target lands.			normal	MC25		!FT: N3onblueREPLACEMEConsider	U	cube	Instant	61	U	U	Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEConsult the Dewdrops	U	cube	Instant	62	U	1U	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECryptosphinx	U	cube	Enchantment Creature — Sphinx 	63	U	3UU	Flying
Breach (Whenever this deals combat damage to a player, you may have it become an Aura Curse until your next turn. Attach it to that player.)
Whenever a cursed opponent draws a card, you may draw two cards.	4/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDaring Escapade	U	cube	Instant	64	U	U	Exile target creature, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control, then choose one —
• Put a +1/+1 counter on it.
• Put a stun counter on it.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDiligent Fishermen	U	cube	Creature — Human Citizen 	66	U	1U	When Diligent Fishermen enters, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDream Monologue	U	cube	Sorcery	68	U	6UU	Take an extra turn after this one.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDuncaster Nightwatcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Detective 	69	U	3U	When Duncaster Nightwatcher enters and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, return target noncreature, nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEExpel from the Dungeon	U	cube	Instant	70	U	3U	Target player chooses a creature they control, then returns all other creatures they control to their owners’ hands.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEForbiddance	U	cube	Instant	71	U	UU	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	MC25		!FT: SplashcatREPLACEMEGenerated Genius	U	cube	Instant	72	U	3UU	Draw two cards.
You may cast an instant or sorcery spell with mana value 3 or less from your hand or graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHand of Dominion	U	cube	Creature — Human 	73	U	UU	When Hand of Dominion enters, tap target creature an opponent controls. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if your fealty to Islands is five or greater, transform Hand of Dominion. (Each Island you control counts towards your fealty to Islands.)	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Liege of Iekin	U	Creature — Human Wizard 	U		Flying
Whenever Liege of Iekin attacks, tap target permanent an opponent controls. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	3/3			REPLACEMEHydrolyze	U	cube	Instant	74	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.
Each player draws a card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIekin's Portal	U	cube	Legendary Enchantment	75	U	1UU	When Iekin’s Portal enters, look at the top five cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
1UU: Transform Iekin’s Portal. Activate only if your fealty to Islands is five or greater. (Each Island you control counts towards your fealty to Islands.)			transform double faced	MC25		Iekin, God of Wisdom	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	U		Indestructible
You have no maximum hand size.
Whenever an opponent draws a card, you draw a card.
If you would lose the game other than for having 0 or less life, you win the game instead. (Another player winning the game does not cause you to lose the game.)	5/5			REPLACEMEImagine	U	cube	Sorcery	76	U	U	Shuffle any number of cards from your graveyard into your library.
Scry 1, then draw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEInner Thoughts	U	cube	Instant — Inscription 	77	U	U	Draw a card.
Inscribe 1U (1U: Exile this card from your hand inscribed on a creature you control. Whenever that creature attacks, its controller may cast a copy of the inscribed card without paying its mana cost. Inscribe only as a sorcery.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIterative Designer	U	cube	Creature — Vedalken Artificer 	78	U	2U	Eureka! (At the beginning of each end step, you get a research counter if you cast a spell this turn. Then if you have eight or more research counters, remove them and create a Masterpiece token of your choice.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKeranos's Ideosphinx	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	79	U	2UU	Flying, ward 2
The first noncreature spell you cast each turn costs X less to cast, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMELogic Module	U	cube	Enchantment — Module 	81	U	2UU			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.
(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)
UUU: Premise
Create a token that’s a copy of target creature.
UUU: Inference
Tap all creatures target player controls. Those creatures don’t untap during that player’s next untap step.
UUU: Conclusion
Logic Module gains “Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEMakodonis, Prime Exemplar	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Makodonis 	83	U	2UU			[+1]: Scry 2. Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.
[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control, except the token is 4/4 and has vigilance.
[-7]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards” and “Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each card you’ve drawn this turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEMegalokraken	U	cube	Creature — Kraken Leviathan 	85	U	3UU	Colossal 4—5UUU (You may cast this for its colossal cost to have it enter with four +1/+1 counters; or pay 5UUU as a sorcery: Put four +1/+1 counters on it if it has none.)
Whenever Megalokraken enters or attacks, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is Megalokraken’s power. You may cast a noncreature spell with mana value X or less from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMizuki, Lady of All Waters	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Merfolk 	86	U	1U		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
2UU: Wizard
Draw a card, then discard a card. Mizuki gains “Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less.”
6UU: Avatar
Draw two cards. Mizuki gains “Whenever Mizuki attacks, you may cast a noncreature spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.”	class	MC25		!design FeatherfallREPLACEMEOminous Discovery	U	cube	Sorcery	87	U	1U	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Rerun (If you cast this from your hand, exile it as it resolves. Whenever a creature you control dies, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPower Control	U	cube	Sorcery	88	U	3UU	Conjure a card named Ancestral Recall, a card named Time Walk, and a card named Timetwister into your main library, then shuffle.
Draw three cards. Exile Power Control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPrognosticate	U	cube	Sorcery	89	U	U	Scry 1. Draw a card. Scry 1.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1REPLACEMEPull from Beyond	U	cube	Instant	90	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.
Acquiesce (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. When one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERealm Crossers	U	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	91	U	3U	Flying, ward 2
Whenever Realm Crossers deals combat damage to a player, create a blue enchantment token named Tambo with “At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control a Scout.”	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEReconstructed Adept	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	92	U	1U	Flash
Prowess
When Reconstructed Adept enters, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains agonize until end of turn. (You may cast it by putting a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile that card.)	1/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEReflected Moment	U	cube	Sorcery	93	U	4UU	Take an extra turn after this one. If this spell was cast from exile, take two extra turns after this one instead. Shuffle Reflected Moment into its owner’s main library.
Prophecy 6UU (Once each turn, you may exile a card with prophecy as you reveal it. When you do, you may cast it for its prophecy cost as long as it’s exiled.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERetort Nonsense	U	cube	Instant	94	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
You may draw four cards. If you do, skip your next turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMERixia, Rift Shunted	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	95	U	2U	When Rixia, Rift Shunted enters, target creature can’t be blocked this turn.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may aetherize it. (To aetherize, create a token that’s a copy of it, then exile that token.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!design n3onblueREPLACEMERoot Corruption	U	cube	Instant	96	U	1U	Choose one —
• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.
• Create a tapped token that’s a copy of target token you control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEA Rush of Stillness in the Air	U	cube	Sorcery	97	U	U	Return target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less and without reconstruct from your graveyard to your hand.
Reconstruct 6U (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEScatter Riches	U	cube	Instant	98	U	1UUU	Counter target spell. Tap all lands that spell’s controller controls and that player loses all unspent mana.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEStillmarsh Brinecatcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Merfolk Horror 	99	U	2U	When Stillmarsh Brinecatcher enters, return another target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
At the beginning of your end step, if you control a permanent with mana value 5 or greater, you may sacrifice Stillmarsh Brinecatcher. If you do, draw a card and create a 3/2 colorless Horror creature token.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEStudy the Maps	U	cube	Instant	100	U	2U	Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEA Sucker for You	U	cube	Sorcery	101	U	3UU	Gain control of target artifact, creature, or planeswalker if its mana value is 4 or less or if you cast A Sucker for You from a graveyard.
Reconstruct 9UUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnseen Maniac	U	cube	Creature — Human Rogue 	102	U	1U	Discard a card: Unseen Maniac gets +1/+1 and can’t be blocked this turn.
Whenever Unseen Maniac deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEVeiled by the Blizzard	U	cube	Instant	103	U	U	Until end of turn, you may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
Creatures you control can’t be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control this turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWay of Water	U	cube	Instant	104	U	1U	Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 2. Until end of turn, you may cast spells as though they had flash.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet
!design TESTREPLACEMEWorn Study	U	cube	Artifact	105	U	1U	T: Scry 1.
1U, T: Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEZirrat, the Soulsearcher	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Zirrat 	106	U	5UU	Zirrat, the Soulsearcher costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.		This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.
[+1]: Create a 2/2 blue Elemental Illusion creature token with flying and “Whenever this becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice it.”
[-3]: Return up to one other target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. Draw a card.	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEAmbitious Necromancer	B	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	107	B	B	Sabotage — Whenever an opponent or permanent an opponent controls becomes the target of a spell you control, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAntithesis	B	cube	Enchantment	108	B	3BB	Creatures you don’t control get -1/-1.
Mirage 1B (You may cast this spell as though it had flash for its mirage cost. If you do, sacrifice it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArroyo, Infinitely Branching	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Reflection 	109	B	2BB	Once during each of your turns, when a card is put into a graveyard from anywhere, you may cast it. You may spend mana of any color to cast that spell.
When Arroyo, Infinitely Branching is put into your graveyard from anywhere, you may cast it.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design CajunREPLACEMEBlood Artist	B	cube	Creature — Vampire 	111	B	1B	Whenever Blood Artist or another creature dies, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEBrutalize	B	cube	Sorcery	112	B	1B	Target opponent sacrifices a creature.
Rerun (If you cast this from your hand, exile it as it resolves. Whenever a creature you control dies, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECarrion Scythe	B	cube	Artifact — Equipment 	113	B	2BB	When Carrion Scythe enters, if you cast it, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Carrion Scythe to it.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch.
Equip 2			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChanneler of the Veil	B	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	114	B	1B	When Channeler of the Veil enters, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
Sacrifice another creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEChigau, the Red Market	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment	115	B	1B	When Chigau, the Red Market enters, draw a card, then choose a creature card name.
Once each turn, you may cast a creature spell with the chosen name from your graveyard.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECorpsecaster Mage	B	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	116	B	1B	Deathtouch
When Corpsecaster Mage enters, if you cast it, target creature card in your graveyard gains arise until end of turn. Its arise cost is equal to its mana cost. (Exile that card from your graveyard and pay its arise cost: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a black Zombie in addition to its other types, has no mana cost, and can’t block. Arise only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	MC25		!design MattREPLACEMECorrupted Memory	B	cube	Sorcery	117	B	B	Glitch 1 (Remove one [restriction] for each time you pay the glitch cost.)
Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a [noncreature,] nonland card [with mana value 3 or less] from among them. That player discards that card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrypt Gnawer	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Horror 	118	B	B	Menace, haste, decayed (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
At the beginning of combat on each of your turns, if you have three or more creature cards in your graveyard and haven’t controlled a creature named Crypt Gnawer this turn, return Crypt Gnawer from your graveyard to the battlefield.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrypt Tutor	B	cube	Sorcery	119	B	1B	Search your library for a card, exile it face down, then shuffle. For as long as that card remains exiled, you may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way if you don’t control a legendary creature as you cast that spell.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDeathless Siege	B	cube	Enchantment	120	B	BBB	You don’t lose the game for having 0 or less life.
Whenever you’re dealt damage, mill that many cards.
B, Pay 2 life: Put target card in your graveyard on the bottom of your library.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDemon of Dark Shadows	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	121	B	5BB	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature that died this turn.
Flying, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEDias, Freed from Belief	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Dias 	122	B	1BB			Whenever a creature you control dies, put a loyalty counter on Dias, Freed from Belief.
[0]: Create a 2/1 black Nightmare creature token with “This creature can’t block.”
[-X]: Destroy target creature or planeswalker unless an opponent pays twice X life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEEldritch Emergence	B	cube	Sorcery	124	B	3BB	You may cast this spell as though it had flash if you control a Horror creature.
Destroy all non-Horror creatures.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2
!design elmikkinoREPLACEMEEnopraxia's Endeavor	B	cube	Instant	125	B	1B	This spell costs 2 more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose one or more —
• Remove all counters from target non-Gorgon creature. If it has toughness 2 or less, destroy it.
• Return target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain 4 life.
• Exile target player’s graveyard.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEErebos, the Imminent End	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	126	B	2B	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black is less than five, Erebos isn’t a creature.
Other creatures you control dying causes abilities of that creature to trigger as though it entered.
2B: Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	5/5		normal	MC25		!ArtHuntREPLACEMEGroz, the Nightshaper	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Horror 	127	B	4BBB	Once each turn, when Groz, the Nightshaper enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may return target nonlegendary creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Then if Groz isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of that creature card.
2BB, Discard Groz: Create a token that’s a copy of Groz, the Nightshaper, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHalford, the Rightful King	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	128	B	1BBB	Whenever Halford enters or attacks, an opponent chooses one. When they choose one that has already been chosen, copy that ability.
• That opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
• That opponent sacrifices a permanent.
• That opponent discards a card. If they can’t, draw a card.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInevitable Future	B	cube	Sorcery	129	B	6B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature and/or planeswalker card in your graveyard.
Return target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: ToastiferousREPLACEMEInexorable Epidemic	B	cube	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	130	B	4BB	Enchant opponent
Creatures enchanted player controls get -2/-2.
Whenever enchanted player casts a noncreature spell, they lose 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEJejun, Dark Hunter	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	131	B	4BB	Bloodprice BBBB (You may cast this card by sacrificing a creature and paying its bloodprice.)
Lifelink, haste
Sacrifice another Demon: Jejun, Dark Hunter gains flying and indestructible until end of turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	132	B	3BB	Flying
You may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.
B, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMELegion of Giradrus	B	cube	Creature — Skeleton Army 	134	B	B	B, T, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.
B, T, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on each Skeleton you control.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMELeyline Invoker	B	cube	Creature — Anteater Shaman 	135	B	1B	When Leyline Invoker enters and at the beginning of your upkeep, you may mill two cards.
5B, T, Sacrifice Leyline Invoker: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each creature card in your graveyard.	1/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMalefic Portal	B	cube	Sorcery	136	B	2B	Return target creature card with mana value 5 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Metamorph B (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up and cast it at any time for its metamorph cost.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMennin Pack	B	cube	Creature — Goblin 	137	B	B	Flash
When Mennin Pack enters, each opponent loses 1 life.
When Mennin Pack dies, each opponent discards a card.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEMutual Destruction	B	cube	Enchantment	138	B	2BB	Whenever a creature you control dies, destroy target creature you don’t control.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManREPLACEMENherix, the Soulcage	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Horror Warlock 	139	UB	1B	U/BU/B: Return Nherix, the Soulcage from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.
6: Return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENiu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Ox Demon Monk 	140	B	2B		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Niu Mo Wang enters, you may have all players sacrifice a nontoken creature, enchantment, or planeswalker.
B: Demigod
Each player discards a card.
XB: God
Return any number of target creature cards not named Niu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution with different mana values X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. X can’t be 0.	class	MC25		Oriq Soulweaver	B	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	141	B	BBB	Whenever you cast a black spell, choose up to X, where X is the number of black mana symbols in that spell’s mana cost —
• Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
• Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
• You draw a card and you lose 3 life.
• Exile target card in a graveyard.	3/3		normal	MC25		!design ZangyREPLACEMEPestilent Scavenger	B	cube	Creature — Rat Rogue 	142	B	B	Deathtouch
When Pestilent Scavenger enters, you may mill three cards.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEPower Module	B	cube	Enchantment — Module 	143	B	2BB			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.
(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)
BBB: Ambitous
Search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose 3 life.
BBB: Ruthless
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.
BBB: Determined
Power Module gains “At the beginning of your upkeep, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEProfessor's Notes	B	cube	Sorcery	145	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEReclusive Augur	B	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	146	B	B	2BB, Exile Reclusive Augur from your graveyard: Return another target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only during your turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMESalome's Intervention	B	cube	Sorcery	147	B	1B	Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, if Salome’s Intervention wasn’t put into your graveyard this turn, return it from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESedraxis Trepanator	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Mutant Warrior 	148	B	B	T, Sacrifice a creature: Target player discards a card and loses 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMESesilius of Wicked Ways	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Sesilius 	149	B	1BBB			[+1]: Remove all counters from target permanent.
[+1]: Each opponent discards a card.
[-2]: Exile target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it.
[-7]: Each opponent gets an emblem with “At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 7 life unless you sacrifice seven permanents.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEShikai Revenant	B	cube	Creature — Zombie 	150	B	B	Shikai Revenant enters tapped.
At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may return Shikai Revenant from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESultan of Avarice	B	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	152	B	BB	Menace
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 3 life. If you do, draw a card.	2/3		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManREPLACEMESurge of Darkness	B	cube	Instant	153	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)
Destroy target creature.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnstill Unlife	B	cube	Sorcery	154	B	1BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with an additional -1/-1 counter on it.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEVoid Portal	B	cube	Enchantment	155	B	2B	Discard a card: Search your library for a card with the same mana value as the discarded card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery and only once each turn.			normal	MC25		!design EmilyREPLACEMEYoung Necromancer	B	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	156	B	1B	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.	2/1		normal	MC25		!FT: TESTREPLACEMEAda, the Free	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Reflection 	157	R	2RRR	Distorted (This creature can be blocked by tapped creatures but not untapped creatures.)
As you choose targets for an instant or sorcery spell, choose up to one additional target.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, gain control of another target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	3/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAnax's Endeavor	R	cube	Instant	158	R	1R	This spell costs 2 more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose one or more —
• Anax’s Endeavor deals 2 damage to any target.
• Destroy target nonbasic land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
• Destroy target artifact. Scry 1.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAuros, the Red King	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior Noble 	159	R	3R	This spell can’t be countered.
When Auros enters, it deals damage to any target equal to your devotion to red. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)
R, Sacrifice Auros, Discard your hand: Draw three cards.	3/3		normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoetREPLACEMEBlood Cult Covenant	R	cube	Enchantment	160	R	1R	At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Sacrifice a creature, Sacrifice Blood Cult Covenant: Blood Cult Covenant deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBloodbelly Glutton	R	cube	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	161	R	2R	Improve 1R (1R: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)
As long as Bloodbelly Glutton is embattled, it has first strike, menace, and haste. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBrightflame Phoenix	R	cube	Creature — Phoenix 	162	R	RR	Flying, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Brightflame Phoenix.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!designer BerglandREPLACEMEBrimstone Oration	R	cube	Instant	163	R	R	Foretell 1R (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)
Brimstone Oration deals 2 damage to any target. If this spell was foretold, it deals 4 damage to any target instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECinderhoof Minotaur	R	cube	Creature — Minotaur Shaman 	164	R	RR	Trample
Whenever a player casts a spell, Cinderhoof Minotaur deals 1 damage to that player.
Whenever Cinderhoof Minotaur attacks, add R. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEConquer Psyche	R	cube	Sorcery	165	R	2R	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Create a token that’s a copy of it. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECreative Salvage	R	cube	Sorcery	166	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a nonland card.
Draw two cards.			normal	MC25		!FT: TimespiraledREPLACEMECrimson Knight	R	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	167	R	RR	Haste
RRR, Discard your hand, Sacrifice Crimson Knight: Draw three cards.	2/2		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManREPLACEMECrimson Sunrise	R	cube	Sorcery	168	R	4RR	Crimson Sunrise deals 4 damage to each creature. Each player sacrifices four nonbasic lands.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMECurio Hellkite	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	169	R	2RR	Flying
Whenever you make first contact, Curio Hellkite deals 2 damage to any target. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDamning Flames	R	cube	Instant	170	R	1R	Tithe (As you cast this spell, you may tap three artifacts and/or creatures you control.)
Damning Flames deals 3 damage to any target. If this spell’s tithe was paid, it deals 6 damage instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEExhilarating Prescience	R	cube	Enchantment	172	R	1RR	Whenever you cast a spell, put a lore counter on Exhilarating Prescience.
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of lore counters on Exhilarating Prescience. You may play those cards until your next turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEExtraction Mercenary	R	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	173	R	R	When Extraction Mercenary enters, if you attacked this turn, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)
4RR: Extraction Mercenary deals 3 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFeeding Time	R	cube	Enchantment	174	R	R	Whenever an attacking creature dies, you may pay R. If you do, create a 2/1 red Merfolk creature token.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMEFerocious Flame	R	cube	Instant	175	R	R	Ferocious Flame deals 2 damage to any target. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, it deals 4 damage instead.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEFestival Sabotage	R	cube	Sorcery	176	R	R	Choose one —
• Festival Sabotage deals 2 damage to any target.
• Audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFiery Erasure	R	cube	Instant	177	R	R	Fiery Erasure deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEFires of Renewal	R	cube	Instant	178	R	2R	Fires of Renewal deals 2 damage to each creature.
Create a Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!FT: MakoREPLACEMEFlamecloaked Artisan	R	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	179	R	2R	Experience (Whenever this creature attacks, if it has fewer than three +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever Flamecloaked Artisan attacks, exile the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card with mana value less than Flamecloaked Artisan’s power, you may cast it this turn, and you may cast it as though it had flash.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFrom Ancient Tomes	R	cube	Sorcery	180	R	R	Target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it. Mana cost includes color.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHeartforge Savant	R	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	182	R	1R	Trample
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, crystallize. If you create a Treasure this way, Heartforge Savant deals 1 damage to you for each Treasure you’ve created this turn. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHinterland Ritualist	R	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	183	R	R	2R, T, Exert Hinterland Ritualist, Sacrifice another creature: Hinterland Ritualist deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target. Activate only as a sorcery. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIdentity Module	R	cube	Enchantment — Module 	184	R	2RR			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.
(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)
RRR: Bold
Any player may have Identity Module deal 5 damage to them. If no one does, draw three cards.
RRR: Brash
Identity Module deals 3 damage to any target.
RRR: Burning
Identity Module gains “Players can’t gain life” and “At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, Identity Module deals 2 damage to that player.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMELt. Daisy Saxon	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	186	R	R	Cadence (Whenever you cast a spell, if its mana value is greater than this creature’s power, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
1R, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Lt. Daisy Saxon: She deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMartial Maestro	R	cube	Creature — Human Wizard Soldier 	187	R	R	First strike
Whenever Martial Maestro attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: ChumbequeREPLACEMEMetal Munch	R	cube	Sorcery	188	R	R	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Metal Munch deals 1 damage to each of up to two targets.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEMinister of Zealots	R	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	189	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token with haste.
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice each Cleric token you control unless you’ve cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENacatl Skirmisher	R	cube	Creature — Cat Warrior 	190	R	R	R, Sacrifice Nacatl Skirmisher: Destroy target artifact.
Stampede — Whenever Nacatl Skirmisher and a creature with greater power attack, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENeon Claw Knight	R	cube	Artifact Creature — Droid Knight 	191	R	1R	Whenever Neon Claw Knight enters or attacks, choose one. Create a Function token with that effect. (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)
• This spell can’t be countered.
• This spell costs R less to cast.
• If this spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!addtoken UncounterableFunction;1;ReductionFunction;1;AmplifyFunction;1REPLACEMEOathbreaker Orc	R	cube	Creature — Orc Berserker 	192	R	1R	Oathbreaker Orc attacks each combat if able.
Whenever Oathbreaker Orc attacks, it deals 2 damage to defending player unless that player sacrifices a permanent.	2/3		normal	MC25		!design CanterburyEggREPLACEMEOminous Dragoncaller	R	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	193	R	1RR	Ominous Dragoncaller gets +1/+1 and has flying as long as you control a Dragon.	3/2		adventure	MC25		Call of the Dragon	R	Sorcery — Adventure 	R	1R	Search your library for a Dragon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. It deals damage equal to its power to you.				!design RequiemREPLACEMEPaint with Starflame	R	cube	Instant	194	R	1R	Choose one —
• Paint with Starflame deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. Scry 1.
• Create a 2/2 red Elemental Shaman creature token with haste and “Whenever this creature attacks, scry 1.”			normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoetREPLACEMEPrince of Stars	R	cube	Creature — Elemental Dragon 	195	R	3RR	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
Flying
Dragon spells you cast have cascade.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrainREPLACEMEQuantum Bit	R	cube	Enchantment	196	R	RR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may conjure two duplicates of it into your main library, then shuffle. Then if there are two or more cards in your graveyard that share a name with that spell, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERagavan, Most Wanted	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Pirate 	197	R	R	As long as you control two or more other Pirates, Ragavan has haste.
Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoetREPLACEMEReckless Mutationist	R	cube	Creature — Human Scientist 	199	R	R	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
1R, T, Sacrifice a Human: Create a token that’s a copy of the sacrificed creature, except it’s a 3/2 colorless Horror. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEScarletblood Hound	R	cube	Creature — Hound 	200	R	2R	Haste
Motley — At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are five or more names among nonland permanents you control, Scarletblood Hound deals 3 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEScourge of the Mountains	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	201	R	2RR	Flying, haste
Ride 1R (1R: Transform this and attach it to target creature you control without a Mount. Ride only as a sorcery.)	4/3		transform double faced	MC25		Scale Bearer	R	Enchantment — Aura Steed 	R		(Transform this if it’s not attached to a creature. Pay 1R as a sorcery to unattach it.)
Enchant creature you control
Scale Bearer’s rider gets +4/+3 and has flying and haste.
Whenever Scale Bearer’s rider attacks, you may pay 2R. If you do, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.				REPLACEMETunu, Ancient Shaper	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Tunu 	202	R	1RRR			Mountains you control have “T: Add RR.”
[+1]: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the end of your next turn.
[-2]: Conjure six cards named Scorch. Shuffle them and your hand into your library, then draw two cards.  (Scorch is a red sorcery that costs R with “Scorch deals 3 damage to any target.”)	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEValeri Kripac	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Valeri 	204	R	1RR			Whenever you cast a spell that targets, put a loyalty counter on Valeri Kripac and create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.
[+1]: Add R. If you spend this mana on a spell that targets, that spell can’t be countered.
[-2]: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. You may play it until the end of your next turn. If you do, exile that spell instead of putting it anywhere else.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEVoidflare	R	cube	Instant	205	R	R	Voidflare deals 2 damage to any target.
Wanderlust — Voidflare deals 3 damage instead if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEXiusheng of the Dragon Realm	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	206	R	RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay 2RR. If you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. Exile that token at end of combat.
Ferocious — Whenever Xiusheng of the Dragon Realm attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Xiusheng gains double strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAdiran Scryers	G	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	207	G	G	T: Add one mana of any type that a land an opponent controls could produce.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: OpacanaREPLACEMEAdvanced Powercell	G	cube	Artifact — Powercell 	208	G	1G	Advanced Powercell enters tapped.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		!FT: OpacanaREPLACEMEAgency Doorbreakers	G	cube	Creature — Human Soldier Detective 	209	G	2G	Improve 1 (1: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)
Once each turn, when one or more counters are put on a permanent you control, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArbor Protector	G	cube	Creature — Treefolk Shaman 	210	G	7GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each differently named land you control.
Reach, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		!FT: PopcorniaREPLACEMEAstral Leucrocota	G	cube	Enchantment Creature — Beast 	211	G	GGG		4/4	Trample
Chronicle (As this enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Stop after III.)
[Lore I-II] Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn.
[Lore III] Remove all lore counters from Astral Leucrocota. You gain 4 life.	leveler	MC25		REPLACEMEAstralhorn Familiar	G	cube	Creature — Elemental Unicorn 	212	G	GG	Ward—Exile three cards from your graveyard. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player exiles three cards from their graveyard.)
Menagerie — Astralhorn Familiar gets +2/+2 as long as there are five or more creature types among creatures you control.	3/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEConsuming Symbiosis	G	cube	Instant	214	G	G	Escalate G (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more —
• Target creature gets +3/+2 until end of turn.
• Target creature gains trample and hexproof until end of turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECritters' Companion	G	cube	Creature — Bird Shaman 	215	G	G	T, Tap two other untapped creatures you control: Add two mana of any one color.	1/1		adventure	MC25		Eternal Bond	G	Sorcery — Adventure 	G	2G	Create two 1/1 green Frog creature tokens. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				REPLACEMEEl, Humble Apprentice	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Elemental Monk 	216	G	1G	When El, Humble Apprentice enters, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)	1/2		transform double faced	MC25		Velir, End of All Worlds		Legendary Planeswalker — Velir 	G				As this permanent transforms into Velir, put four loyalty counters on it.
[+1]: Draw two cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a land card.
[-2]: Search your library for a multicolored card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
[-4]: Exile target permanent.
[-4]: Exile target permanent.		REPLACEMEElvish Wayfinder	G	cube	Creature — Elf Scout 	217	G	1G	Whenever Elvish Wayfinder enters or attacks, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a land card that doesn’t share a name with a land you control into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design Dr BatmanREPLACEMEEmbodiment of Nature	G	cube	Creature — Ox Spirit 	218	G	3GG	At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose one —
• Embodiment of Nature gains haste and hexproof until your next turn.
• Embodiment of Nature gains vigilance and indestructible until your next turn.
• Embodiment of Nature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until your next turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEsalia, Steward of Caer Crann	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Elf Druid 	219	G	1G	Vigilance, ward 1
T: Add one mana of any color. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEField Tender	G	cube	Creature — Human Peasant 	221	G	1GG	You may play lands from your graveyard.
Whenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 white Peasant creature token.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: PopcorniaREPLACEMEGorganith, Ruin Maw	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Hydra 	222	BG	4GG	Reach, trample
Improve 1B/G (1B/G: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Gorganith, Ruin Maw, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a creature card with mana value equal to or less than the number of +1/+1 counters on Gorganith and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInto the Woods	G	cube	Sorcery	224	G	1G	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		FT: TimespiraledREPLACEMEKantra of Bounty	G	cube	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	225	G	5G	Enspirit (As you cast this spell, you may exile a nonenchantment creature you control until this leaves the battlefield or fails to resolve. Reduce this spell’s cost by the exiled card’s mana value.)
You may play any number of lands on each of your turns.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKou, Primal Shepherd	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Dryad 	226	G	1G	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever you sacrifice an Idol, draw a card.	1/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMattia, Hero of Tinyvale	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Mouse Archer Soldier 	227	G	1G	Flash
Reach
Whenever Mattia enters or becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
2G, T: Target creature must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMob Rallier	G	cube	Creature — Human Citizen 	228	G	3GG	Other creatures you control get +2/+2.	5/5		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2REPLACEMENatural Philosopher	G	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	231	G	2GG	This spell can’t be countered.
Creatures you control have ward 2.
When Natural Philosopher enters, you gain 2 life for each creature you control with power 4 or greater.	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENitrous Renewer	G	cube	Creature — Insect 	232	G	G	When Nitrous Renewer enters, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
3G, Exile Nitrous Renewer from your graveyard: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOlten Surveyor	G	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	233	G	1G	When Olten Surveyor enters, choose any number. Each opponent creates a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token for each mode chosen.
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment with mana value 3 or less.
• Shuffle up to four cards from target player’s graveyard into their library.
• You gain 4 life.	1/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPerformer of Growth	G	cube	Creature — Squirrel Actor 	234	G	1G	T: Add G. When that mana is used to cast a spell with mana value 5 or greater, you may untap Performer of Growth and transform it.	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Rei, the Supplanter	G	Legendary Creature — Squirrel Scout Actor 	G		Rei, the Supplanter gets +1/+1 for each Forest you control.
At the beginning of each player’s end step, if that player didn’t play a land this turn, create a Forest token.	3/3			REPLACEMEPetal Scatterer	G	cube	Creature — Human 	235	G	GGG	When Petal Scatterer enters, create a green Aura enchantment token named Blossom attached to target land. It has enchant land and “Enchanted land has ‘T: Add GG.’”
Petal Scatterer gets +1/+1 for each noncreature, nonland permanent you control.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPowercell Cultivator	G	cube	Creature — Elf Artificer 	236	G	2G	When Powercell Cultivator enters, create a tapped colorless Powercell artifact token with “T: Add C.”
Artifacts you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPrimal Resurgence	G	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	237	G	G	Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Add GG.”			normal	MC25		!FT: ZangyREPLACEMEPrimordial Artisan	G	cube	Creature — Giant 	238	G	4GGG	Reach
When Primordial Artisan enters and at the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a permanent card with mana value less than or equal to your devotion to green, you may put it onto the battlefield. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	7/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERelentless Pathcutter	G	cube	Creature — Elf Aurashaper Warrior 	239	G	2GG	When Relentless Pathcutter enters, create a green Aura enchantment token named Enmity attached to target creature. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.”
When Relentless Pathcutter dies, return it to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERelic Corrosion	G	cube	Instant	240	G	G	Glitch 2 (Remove one [restriction] for each time you pay the glitch cost.)
Destroy target artifact or enchantment [with mana value 3 or less].			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMERoot Module	G	cube	Enchantment — Module 	241	G	2GG			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.
(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)
GGG: Seed
Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.
GGG: Soil
Destroy target noncreature permanent.
GGG: Stem
Root Module gains “You may play an additional land on each of your turns.” and “Lands you control are every basic land type in addition to their other types.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMERova, the Fleshweaver	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Horror 	242	G	4GGG	Once each turn, when Rova, the Fleshweaver enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Then if Rova isn’t a token, untap each land you control. Until your next turn, you may cast permanent spells as though they had flash.
2GG, Discard Rova: Create a token that’s a copy of Rova, the Fleshweaver, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERunebound Disciple	G	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	243	G	G	You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast spells with mana value 5 or greater or to activate abilities of permanents or permanent cards with mana value 5 or greater.
T: Add C.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESavage Congregation	G	cube	Sorcery	244	G	2GG	Look at the top six cards of your library. Put up to two creature cards with total mana value 4 or less from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEStardust Surveyor	G	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	245	G	1GG	Trample, ward 1
Whenever Stardust Surveyor deals combat damage to a player, you may mill cards until you mill a creature card. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEStudies Past	G	cube	Sorcery	246	G	XGG	If you’ve lost life this turn, you may cast this spell as though it had flash.
Return X target cards with different mana values from your graveyard to your hand. Put Studies Past on the bottom of its owner’s library.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEVassal of the Wild	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid 	247	G	G	T: Add G. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Vassal of the Wild gets +2/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEVerdant Sanctuary	G	cube	Enchantment	248	G	1G	You may play basic land cards you own from outside the game.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1REPLACEMEVictory Over Phyrexia	G	cube	Sorcery	249	G	1G	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment with mana value 3 or less.
• You gain 3 life. Draw a card.			modal double faced	MC25		Legacy of Communion	G	Legendary Enchantment	G	3GG	Legacy (You may play this side of this card only from your graveyard. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
At the beginning of your end step, you may search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.				REPLACEMEVivien the Sagittar	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Vivien 	250	G	3GG			[+1]: Mill four cards, then return up to one creature card milled this way to your hand. You may activate a different loyalty ability Vivien has this turn.
[+1]: Create a 2/2 green Cat Spirit creature token with “When this creature dies, you gain 2 life.”
[-3]: Choose target creature you don’t control. If it has flying, destroy it. Otherwise, up to one target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to that creature.
[-9]: Create four 4/4 green Hydra creature tokens. Creatures you control gain trample and haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEVorreia, Farseer	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Vorreia 	251	G	1GG			[+1]: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
[-3]: You get an emblem with “1G: You may play an additional land this turn.”
[-6]: Creatures you control gain trample and have base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEWarfield Excavator	G	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	252	G	1G	Vigilance
Whenever Warfield Excavator attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
Warfield Excavator gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards exiled with it.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	253	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.
1G: Carnation Petals
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
3G: Pecking Order
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEXira, Scatterer of Seeds	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Dryad 	254	G	G	Ferocious — Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater you control enters, untap all lands you control.	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1REPLACEMEYeshin of New Humanity	G	cube	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct 	255	G	2GG	1G: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
2GG: Target creature you control becomes 4/4. (This lasts indefinitely.)
4GGGG: Put four +1/+1 counters on each creature you control with power 4 or greater.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design NixREPLACEMEZadyk Ritualist	G	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	256	G	G	T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice a creature: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEFrayed Nerves	WU	cube	Enchantment	258	WU	WU	Whenever a creature attacks you, tap that creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.			normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometerREPLACEMELost Through Dreams	WU	cube	Instant	259	WU	WU	Counter target spell. If a noncreature spell is countered this way, conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESalome	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Salome 	261	UB	4UB			Whenever you cast your second spell during each of your turns, you may activate one of Salome’s loyalty abilities.
[+1]: Draw a card. Untap up to two lands.
[-4]: Destroy all creatures.
[-8]: You get an emblem with “You may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for the second spell you cast each turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEEdarna the Everforge	BR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Edarna 	262	BR	3BR			[+2]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.
[-3]: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.
[-7]: Discard your hand, then draw seven cards. You may put an Edarna planeswalker card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	MC25	5	REPLACEMETwinfire Dragon	BR	cube	Creature — Dragon 	264	BR	2BR	Flying, haste
Whenever another creature dies, Twinfire Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometerREPLACEMEPetal-Weaver Alexa	RG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Alexa 	265	RG	RG			[+1]: You may play an additional land this turn.
[-1]: Discard a card. If you do, return target creature, land or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
[-5]: Create Thrice-Folded Lotus, a colorless Masterpiece artifact token with “T: Add three mana of any one color.” and “3, T: This artifact deals 3 damage to any target.”	planeswalker	MC25	2	!design FleurREPLACEMETend to the Grove	RG	cube	Sorcery	266	RG	1RG	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
Create a tapped colorless Mountain Forest land token. (It has “T: Add R or G.”)			normal	MC25		!designer WrennREPLACEMEGathering the Gang	WG	cube	Enchantment	269	WG	2GW	Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a creature you control, you may search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETendrilsnare	WG	cube	Sorcery	270	WG	GW	Exile target creature an opponent controls. Each player may search their library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAlonzo, Departed Detective	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Alonzo 	271	WB	2WB			Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Spirit creature token with flying.
[+1]: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
[-2]: You may sacrifice a creature. When you do, destroy target nonland permanent.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!design MattREPLACEMESomber River Bearer	WB	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	273	WB	WB	Whenever another creature you control enters, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Sacrifice Somber River Bearer: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECosmic Coalescing	UR	cube	Instant	275	UR	XUR	Cosmic Coalescing deals X damage to any target. You may reveal a noncreature card with mana value X or less you own from outside the game and put it into your hand. X can’t be 0.
Exile Cosmic Coalescing.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPaul, Rock Bottom	UR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Paul 	276	UR	UR			When Paul, Rock Bottom dies, you may discard a card. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.
[+1]: Draw a card, then discard a card.
[0]: Until end of turn, Paul becomes a 2/2 Construct creature with prowess. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to them this turn.
[-3]: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	MC25	2	REPLACEMEIrbek, Crocodile Hunter	BG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Irbek 	277	BG	3BG			[+1]: Create a tapped 3/3 black Crocodile creature token with menace.
[-1]: You may cast a copy of Size Up.
[-7]: Each land you control becomes a 3/3 Crocodile creature and gains menace and haste until end of turn.	adventure	MC25	4	Size Up	BG	Sorcery — Adventure 	BG	1BG	Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value 3 or less. (Then exile this card. You may cast Irbek later from exile.)   				REPLACEMEWhisperwoods Exploration	BG	cube	Sorcery	279	BG	BG	Mill three cards. When you do, return another nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1REPLACEMEComet, Pulled from Orbit	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Comet 	280	WR	2RW			At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. If that card has mana value 2 or less, you may play it from exile this turn.
[+1]: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token. If you exiled an artifact or creature card this turn, create two instead.
[0]: Create a Treasure token. If you exiled a card that had a mana ability this turn, create two instead.
[-1]: Comet deals 2 damage to any target. If you exiled an instant or sorcery card this turn, Comet deals 2 damage to any target.	planeswalker	MC25	2	REPLACEMECommanding Princess	WR	cube	Creature — Human Noble 	281	WR	2RW	Flash
When Commanding Princess enters, choose two —
• Commanding Princess deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.
• Return target permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Create a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design PipsqueakREPLACEMEHelene Trant	UG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Helene 	284	UG	2GU			[+2]: Until end of turn, Helene Trant becomes a 4/4 Human Warrior creature with hexproof and trample that’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to her this turn.
[-2]: Draw two cards.
[-4]: You get an emblem with “Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEIn Dire Straits	UG	cube	Instant	285	UG	2GU	Draw two cards, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you cast In Dire Straits during your turn for its reconstruct cost, create X 3/2 green Horror creature tokens, where X is the number of lands you control.
Reconstruct 8GGUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKey to the Nexus		cube	Conspiracy	286	WUBRG		Puzzlebox (Begin the game with this and another card you own from outside the game in the command zone, locked. That card is face down until you unlock this.)
5: Unlock Key to the Nexus. If WUBRG was spent to activate this ability, you may cast the revealed card without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put that card on top of your library.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvalia, Cyber Stalker	UB	cube	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	287	UB	1U/BU/B	Flying
Spirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
3U/BU/B: Look at the top card of target opponent’s library, then exile it face down. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell.	3/3		normal	MC25		!designer MattREPLACEMEAyala's Effigy		cube	Artifact	289	C	2	T: Add C.
Sacrifice a nonland permanent: Ayala’s Effigy becomes a 2/2 Construct artifact creature until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometerREPLACEMEBarten's Journal		cube	Legendary Artifact	290	C	2	Each planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.
T: Add C.			normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrainREPLACEMEGate of Realms		cube	Artifact	291	C	3	When Gate of Realms enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put that card into your hand. If you do, shuffle.
10, T: Gate of Realms deals 3 damage to any target. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each different name among lands you control.			normal	MC25		!design OccoREPLACEMEGiltwork Legacy		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	292	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Whenever equipped creature becomes untapped, you draw a card and you gain 2 life.
Equip 3			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGoblin War Chariot		cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	293	C	2	Haste
Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Whenever Goblin War Chariot becomes crewed, untap each creature that crewed it with mana value 1 or less. This ability triggers only once each turn.
Crew 3	3/2		normal	MC25		!design Cool BeensREPLACEMEHarvest Reaper		cube	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	294	C	1	When a creature you control scavenges Harvest Reaper, search your library for a colorless card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Scavenge 4  (4, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card’s power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEL.O.T.U.S.		cube	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	295	C	5	L.O.T.U.S. enters tapped.
When L.O.T.U.S. enters, conjure three cards named Data-Point into your hand. (It’s a sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELightblessed Claymore		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	296	C	3	When Lightblessed Claymore enters, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has lifelink.
Equip 4			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMasterwork Archivist		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	297	C	4	When Masterwork Archivist enters, search your library and/or command zone for a legendary card, reveal it, then put it into your hand or graveyard. If you searched your library this way, shuffle.
When Masterwork Archivist dies, you may draw a card.	2/2		normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEMonument to the Fallen Man		cube	Artifact	299	C	2	T: You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: StylesREPLACEMEPinnacle of Purity		cube	Artifact	300	C	1	T: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.
1, Exile Pinnacle of Purity: Exile all graveyards. Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESoul of New Alores		cube	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	301	C	4	Tap two untapped creatures you control: Harmonize. (Trigger up to one harmony of one permanent you control.)
Harmony — Choose one —
• Soul of New Alores becomes a creature in addition to its other types until end of turn.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on target permanent.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESoul-Synthesizer		cube	Artifact	302	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Soul-Synthesizer : Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a card with an activated ability from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnicorn of the Vale		cube	Artifact Creature — Unicorn 	305	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
T, Sacrifice Unicorn of the Vale: Add three mana of any one color.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffydeathbringer2REPLACEMEVolatile Stonework		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem 	306	C	1	Haste
When Volatile Stonework enters, choose target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.
When Volatile Stonework dies, it deals 4 damage to the chosen creature or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT (1 line): ZangyREPLACEMEVoyager's Ark		cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	307	C	6	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a token that’s a copy of another target nonlegendary creature that crewed Voyager’s Ark this turn. That token gains haste.
Crew 3	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWayfarer's Lantern		cube	Artifact 	308	C	2	T: Untap target basic land.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEXueyang San		cube	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	309	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”
1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one —
• Draw a card.
• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.
Equip 1			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAmber Hills		cube	Land	310	C		As Amber Hills enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Amber Hills enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Amber Hills: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEAncestral Glade		cube	Land — Forest 	311	G		(T: Add G.)
As Ancestral Glade enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Ancestral Glade enters tapped.
Basic lands you control have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArctic Mine		cube	Land — Plains Swamp 	312	C		(T: Add W or B.)
Whenever Arctic Mine becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBarren Desolation		cube	Land	313	C		As Barren Desolation enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Barren Desolation enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Barren Desolation: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEBustling Marketplace		cube	Land	315	C		Bustling Marketplace can’t be sacrificed.
T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.
0: Bustling Marketplace’s owner may draw a card. If they do, untap Bustling Marketplace and gain control of it until end of turn. Only your opponents may activate this ability and only once each turn during their turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECity Gate		cube	Land	316	C		T: Add C.
3, T, Sacrifice City Gate: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control that attacked this turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: SkagraREPLACEMECloudpeak Spires		cube	Land — Mountain 	317	R		(T: Add R.)
As Cloudpeak Spires enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Cloudpeak Spires enters tapped.
Basic lands you control have “T: Add R.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECresting Bay		cube	Land	318	U		Cresting Bay enters tapped unless you control a basic Island.
T: Add U.
2UU: Until end of turn, Cresting Bay becomes a 3/3 blue Elemental creature with “Whenever this creature attacks, you may draw a card then discard a card.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrumbling Precipice		cube	Land — Swamp Mountain 	319	C		(T: Add B or R.)
Whenever Crumbling Precipice becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrystal Cavern		cube	Land — Island Mountain 	320	C		(T: Add U or R.)
Whenever Crystal Cavern becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEnchanting Palace		cube	Land	321	C		T: Add C.
Concord — T: Create a Treasure token. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFirehearth Halls		cube	Land	322	R		Firehearth Halls enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain.
T: Add R.
RR: Firehearth Halls becomes a 1/1 red Dwarf Warrior creature with double strike until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFlooded Morass		cube	Land — Island Swamp 	323	C		(T: Add U or B.)
Flooded Morass enters tapped unless you control a basic Island or a basic Swamp.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFloodwater Depths		cube	Land	324	C		As Floodwater Depths enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Floodwater Depths enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Floodwater Depths: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEFlourishing Crevasse		cube	Land — Mountain Forest 	325	C		(T: Add R or G.)
Flourishing Crevasse enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain or a basic Forest.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEForgotten Steppe		cube	Land — Mountain Plains 	326	C		(T: Add R or W.)
Whenever Forgotten Steppe becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFrostfire Geysers		cube	Land — Island Mountain 	327	C		(T: Add U or R.)
Frostfire Geysers enters tapped unless you control a basic Island or a basic Mountain.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFungal Mire		cube	Land — Swamp Forest 	328	C		(T: Add B or G.)
Fungal Mire enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp or a basic Forest.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGloomcover Steppe		cube	Land — Plains Swamp 	329	C		(T: Add W or B.)
Gloomcover Steppe enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains or a basic Swamp.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGrim Bastion		cube	Land	330	C		As Grim Bastion enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Grim Bastion enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Grim Bastion: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEHeart of the Glade		cube	Land — Forest Plains 	331	C		(T: Add G or W.)
Heart of the Glade enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest or a basic Plains.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHeart of Zhedina		cube	Legendary Land	332	C		T: Add C.
Wanderlust — T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands. If you control seven or more, you may add three mana of that color instead.			normal	MC25		!designer pkchuREPLACEMELavatorn Fields		cube	Land — Swamp Mountain 	333	C		(T: Add B or R.)
Lavatorn Fields enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp or a basic Mountain.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELush Oasis		cube	Land — Forest Island 	334	C		(T: Add G or U.)
Lush Oasis enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest or a basic Island.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMagmatic Torrent		cube	Land	335	C		As Magmatic Torrent enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Magmatic Torrent enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Magmatic Torrent: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEMidnight Gate		cube	Land — Swamp 	336	B		(T: Add B.)
As Midnight Gate enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Midnight Gate enters tapped.
Basic lands you control have “T: Add B.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMurmuring Falls		cube	Land — Island Swamp 	337	C		(T: Add U or B.)
Whenever Murmuring Falls becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMysterious Cataract		cube	Land	338	C		As Mysterious Cataract enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Mysterious Cataract enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Mysterious Cataract: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMENebula of Empty Gold		cube	Land	339	C		As Nebula of Empty Gold enters, choose two or three colors. You lose life equal to the number of colors chosen this way.
T: Add one mana of any of the chosen colors.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENew Divide		cube	Land	340	C		As New Divide enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice New Divide: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENomad's Township		cube	Land — Swamp Forest 	341	C		(T: Add B or G.)
Whenever Nomad’s Township becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOcean Monastery		cube	Land	342	C		As Ocean Monastery enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Ocean Monastery enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Ocean Monastery: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEPool of Light		cube	Land — Plains Island 	343	C		(T: Add W or U.)
Pool of Light enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains or a basic Island.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERampant Summit		cube	Land — Mountain Forest 	344	C		(T: Add R or G.)
Whenever Rampant Summit becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEResplendent Substratum		cube	Land — Forest Plains 	345	C		(T: Add G or W.)
Whenever Resplendent Substratum becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESeaside Grotto		cube	Land — Island 	346	U		(T: Add U.)
As Seaside Grotto enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Seaside Grotto enters tapped.
Basic lands you control have “T: Add U.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESedate Tundra		cube	Land — Plains Island 	347	C		(T: Add W or U.)
Whenever Sedate Tundra becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESerene Chapel		cube	Land	348	W		Serene Chapel enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains.
T: Add W.
1WW: Until end of turn, Serene Chapel becomes a 2/1 white Spirit Cleric creature with flying and “Whenever this creature attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShardstone Rift		cube	Land	349	C		As Shardstone Rift enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Shardstone Rift enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Shardstone Rift: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMEShifting Glade		cube	Land — Forest Island 	350	C		(T: Add G or U.)
Whenever Shifting Glade becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShikai's Redoubt		cube	Land	351	C		T: Add C.
Discard Shikai’s Redoubt: Exile up to two target cards from graveyards.			normal	MC25		!FT: TimespiraledREPLACEMESpiraling Canyon		cube	Land — Mountain Plains 	352	C		(T: Add R or W.)
Spiraling Canyon enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain or a basic Plains.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESunlit Highland		cube	Land	353	C		As Sunlit Highland enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Sunlit Highland enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Sunlit Highland: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMESunlit Meadow		cube	Land — Plains 	354	W		(T: Add W.)
As Sunlit Meadow enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Sunlit Meadow enters tapped.
Basic lands you control have “T: Add W.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESunrise Orchard		cube	Land	355	C		Sunrise Orchard enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
As Sunrise Orchard enters, choose a color.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESwarming Midden		cube	Land	356	B		Swarming Midden enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp.
T: Add B.
1BB: Swarming Midden becomes a 2/3 black Rat creature with menace until end of turn. It’s still a land. Whenever it attacks this turn, create a 1/1 black Rat creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETimber Range		cube	Land	357	C		As Timber Range enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Timber Range enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Timber Range: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design TimespiraledREPLACEMETimeworn Crags		cube	Land	358	C		T: Add C.
4, T, Sacrifice Timeworn Crags: Destroy target nonbasic land. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each nonbasic land you don’t control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWayfarer's Shrine		cube	Land	359	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWise Old Oak		cube	Land	360	G		Wise Old Oak enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest.
T: Add G.
3GG: Until end of turn, Wise Old Oak becomes a 4/4 green Treefolk creature with “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEProfane Call	B	cube	Sorcery	144	B	1BB	Choose two or four —
• Search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose life equal to its mana value.
• Sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw two cards.
• Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: aanginerREPLACEMEHundred Years of Solitude	W	cube	Enchantment	34	W	W	Vanishing 3 (This permanent enters with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Hundred Years of Solitude enters, exile another target nonland permanent until Hundred Years of Solitude leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!Community: ChumbequeREPLACEMEDivide the Imperial Arsenal	WR	cube	Enchantment	282	WR	1RW	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, choose up to that many —
• Create a Weapon token and attach it to one of those creatures. (It’s an Equipment with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)
• Add RW at the beginning of your next main phase.
• Each player draws a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: CyberChronometerREPLACEMEDevotee of the Boar	R	cube	Creature — Human Berserker 	171	R	R	Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Haste
Whenever you cast a creature spell, it gains bloodthirst 1. (Multiple instances of bloodthirst on a spell stack.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Dravos ArgentiumREPLACEMEBitter Corvus	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Bird 	110	B	2BB	Flying
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)
When Bitter Corvus enters, you may reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is Bitter Corvus’ power. You may put up to one card revealed this way into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value. Put the rest into your graveyard. 	3/3		normal	MC25		!Community: DuckyREPLACEMEBelly of the Beast	G	cube	Enchantment	213	G	GGG	Whenever a creature you control dies, you may search your library for a creature card with lesser mana value, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Do this only once during each of your turns.			normal	MC25		!Community: EpidREPLACEMEAndroid Bodega		cube	Artifact	288	C	2	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
1, T, Discard a card: You gain 4 life.
2, T, Pay 2 life: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token. It can’t block this turn.
3, T, Sacrifice a permanent: Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: gynoidpoetREPLACEMEAlmgrove Skydancer	W	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	7	W	2WW	Flying, lifelink
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
You may cast this card from your graveyard as long as you’re in a renaissance.	4/3		normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerziREPLACEMELumbering Thoctar	U	cube	Creature — Beast 	82	U	4UU	This spell can’t be countered.
Trample
Whenever Lumbering Thoctar becomes the target of a spell or ability, counter it. Then put a stun counter on Lumbering Thoctar.
Whenever Lumbering Thoctar becomes untapped, draw a card.	6/6		normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerziREPLACEMEDigital Encores	U	cube	Sorcery	65	U	2UU	Draw two cards. Then if this spell wasn’t cast from your hand, create a Function token with “Compose.” (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerzi
!addtoken ComposeFunction;1REPLACEMEValakut Hellkite	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	203	R	5RR	Flying
Ward—Pay 3 life.
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, Valakut Hellkite deals 3 damage to any target.	6/6		adventure	MC25		Volcanic Rain	R	Sorcery — Adventure 	R	2R	Volcanic Rain deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of lands you control.				!Community: MakoREPLACEMEFuel for the Fire	R	cube	Instant	181	R	1R	Choose one —
• Fuel for the Fire deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates a tapped Treasure token. If a permanent dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.
• Exile target artifact. Its controller creates a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!Community: MattREPLACEMEMechanus, Awakened Code		cube	Legendary Artifact Planeswalker — Mechanus 	298	C	3			[+1]: Add C. Spend this mana only to cast artifact or colorless spells.
[0 ]: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
[-2]: Look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or colorless card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.	planeswalker	MC25	4	!Community: MattREPLACEMEPact of the Moon	W	cube	Instant	43	W	1W	Choose two or four —
• Exile target player’s graveyard.
• You gain 4 life.
• Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: MattREPLACEMEReckless Defiance	R	cube	Sorcery	198	R	1R	Choose two or four —
• Each opponent sacrifices an artifact.
• Create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token.
• Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample and haste until end of turn.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: MattREPLACEMEEtheria, Sublime One	WU	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Etheria 	257	WU	2WU			If a creature entering under you control causes an ability to trigger, you may pay -1. Whenever you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.
[+1]: Exile target creature. Return that card to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step. If you don’t control it, it enters with a stun counter.
[-2]: Draw a card and gain 2 life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!Community: n3onblue
!cajun should maybe retargetREPLACEMELiminality	U	cube	Instant	80	U	1UU	Choose two or four —
• Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
• Return target spell to its owner’s hand.
• Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: 7nixREPLACEMEBig Damn Heroes	W	cube	Instant	17	W	4WW	Look at the top ten cards of your library. Put any number of legendary permanents with total mana value 6 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
For each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of their loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)			normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakREPLACEMEDeepweb Consultation	UB	cube	Sorcery	260	UB	UB	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Create a Function token with “Draw a card if a player discarded a card this turn.” (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)			normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak
!addtoken DeepwebFunction;1REPLACEMEKrallenhorde Abomination	BG	cube	Creature — Werewolf Horror 	278	BG	2BG	Menace
When this creature dies, create two tapped 3/2 colorless Eldrazi creature tokens. Put a stun counter on one of them.	6/4		normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakREPLACEMEUbitsa Forge		cube	Artifact	304	C	3	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
5, T, Discard a card: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.” It can’t block this turn.			normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakREPLACEMEThunderous Avarice	RG	cube	Creature — Lizard Avatar Berserker 	267	RG	4RG	Vigilance, menace, trample, haste
Whenever you cast a spell, you may consume. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Thunderous Avarice. (To consume, sacrifice another creature or exile a creature card from your graveyard.)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, they may consume. If they don’t, put a +1/+1 counter on Thunderous Avarice.	5/4		normal	MC25		!Community: PlasterManREPLACEMEEternal Journey	WB	cube	Sorcery	272	WB	WB	Return up to two target creature cards with total mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	MC25		!Community: Popcornia
!conflictREPLACEMEBring to Harmony	UG	cube	Instant	283	UG	GU	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
• Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: PurplemurasakiREPLACEMECentury Genius	UR	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	274	UR	1UR	Prowess, prowess, prowess
Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: PurplemurasakiREPLACEMETech Chaser		cube	Artifact Creature — Drone 	303	C	2	Flying, haste
When Tech Chaser enters, exile the top three cards of target opponent’s library. 
Whenever Tech Chaser deals combat damage to an opponent, you may cast a card exiled with it, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast it.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: PurplemurasakiREPLACEMEDirty Cleanup	B	cube	Sorcery	123	B	1BB	Casualty 1 (As you cast this spell, you may sacrifice a creature with power 1 or greater. When you do, copy this spell.)
All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn			normal	MC25		!Community: RickyRisterREPLACEMEExhaustive Harvest	G	cube	Sorcery	220	G	1G	Choose two or four —
• Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
• You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
• You gain 4 life.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: ScribblREPLACEMEAjani, Caller of the Hosts	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ajani 	268	WG	2GW			[0]: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
[-2]: Exile target creature. Create a battle token with three defense and “When this battle leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.” You’re protecting it.
[-5]: Create two 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature tokens, then put two +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!Community: SplashcatREPLACEMEMother of Monsters	G	cube	Creature — Chimera 	229	G	4GG	Codex — Leyran Alpha, Fungal Whomper, Plated Crusher, Towering Hydraffe, The Terror of Shady Cove. (As this enters, conjure its contents into a shuffled face-up additional library.)
When Mother of Monsters enters, you gain 6 life.
When Mother of Monsters dies, draw a card.	6/6		normal	MC25		!Community: SplashcatREPLACEMEQulai, Orchard Guardian	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	48	W	2W	Attacking creatures you control have first strike.
Whenever Qulai, Orchard Guardian attacks or becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, conjure a card named Fox of the Orange Orchard into your hand. (It’s a 1W 3/1 Fox Spirit creature.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!Community: SplashcatREPLACEMEJoys and Burdens Shared	R	cube	Enchantment	185	R	4RR	Once each turn for each card type, when you cast a spell with that type, you may copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy. If it’s a permanent spell, the copy gains haste and “At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this permanent.”
Whenever a permanent you control dies, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	MC25		!Community: TESTREPLACEMEDimensional Denial	U	cube	Instant	67	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
If you countered a spell with mana value 2 or less this way, manifest dread. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into your graveyard. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)			normal	MC25		!Community: TrewqREPLACEMEInquisitive Tracker	G	cube	Creature — Badger Druid 	223	G	G	Graft 1 (This creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever another creature enters, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
T: Add C.	0/1		normal	MC25		!Community: ZangyREPLACEMEKaratuy, Privileged Son	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	133	B	1B	Whenever a player discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Karatuy.
When a player has no cards in hand, Karatuy becomes a Demon and gains flying and lifelink. This ability triggers only once.
Demoncycling 1BB (1BB, Discard this card: Search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Community: ZangyREPLACEMEMarilye, Everplundering	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Elf Rogue 	84	U	2U	Deception 1U  (1U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Marilye deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for an artifact card with mana value less than or equal to the amount of damage that player has been dealt this turn, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	2/3		normal	MC25		!Community: ZangyREPLACEMESinner's Solace	B	cube	Sorcery	151	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. Exile that card. If a land card is exiled this way, its owner may conjure a card named Plains, Island, Swamp, Mountain, or Forest on top of their library.			normal	MC25		!Community: TimespiraledREPLACEMEOgura, Contracted Rebel	BR	cube	Legendary Creature — Wolf Spirit Rebel 	263	BR	BR	First strike
Whenever Ogura, Contracted Rebel attacks, you may create a token that’s a copy of another attacking creature with power less than or equal to Ogura’s. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of your next end step.
R: Ogura gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		!Community: SilverparabellumREPLACEMEBlossoming Verge		cube	Land	314	C		T: Add C.
3, T: Draw a card. Spend only mana produced by basic lands to activate this ability.			normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakREPLACEMEMuse of Summer Revelry	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Faerie God 	230	G	2GG	Trample
Whenever Muse of Summer Revelry enters or you cast a spell with power 4 or greater, choose one —
• You gain 3 life.
• Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
• Draw a card.	4/3		normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakREPLACEMEBound by Nature	G	cube	Enchantment	361	G	XXGG	Bound by Nature enters with X nature counters on it.
You can’t cast nonpermanent spells.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each nature counter on Bound by Nature and have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELian Taizi, Bountiful Earth	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	362	G	5GG	Trample
Lian Taizi gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.
When Lian Taizi enters, return any number of target cards with different mana values from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIntrepid		cube	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	363	C	3	Flying
When Intrepid enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Wanderlust — 0: Intrepid becomes an artifact creature until end of turn. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEME