Bitter Corvus	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Bird 	6	B	2BB	FlyingNEWLINEPersist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)NEWLINEWhen Bitter Corvus enters, you may reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is Bitter Corvus’ power. You may put up to one card revealed this way into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value. Put the rest into your graveyard. 	3/3		normal	CHAMP		\nJusticiar Overseer	W	cube	Creature – Angel Soldier 	1	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Justiciar Overseer enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	CHAMP		\nArbor Protector	G	cube	Creature – Treefolk Shaman 	10	G	7GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each differently named land you control.NEWLINEReach, trample	6/6		normal	CHAMP		\nPious Flutist	W	cube	Creature – Human Bard 	2	W	W	When Pious Flutist enters, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	CHAMP		\nReflected Moment	U	cube	Sorcery	5	U	4UU	Take an extra turn after this one. If this spell was cast from exile, take two extra turns after this one instead. Shuffle Reflected Moment into its owner’s main library.NEWLINEProphecy 6UU (Once each turn, you may exile a card with prophecy as you reveal it. When you do, you may cast it for its prophecy cost as long as it’s exiled.)			normal	CHAMP		\nPolis's Demise	R	cube	Sorcery	8	R	3RR	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEPolis’s Demise deals 5 damage to each creature. Destroy all artifacts.			normal	CHAMP		\nReckless Defiance	R	cube	Sorcery	9	R	1R	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Each opponent sacrifices an artifact.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample and haste until end of turn.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	CHAMP		\nPromised Exaltation	W	cube	Creature – Angel Spirit 	3	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks alone, choose one –NEWLINE• Exile target creature with power less than that creature’s power.NEWLINE• Put two +1/+1 counters on that creature.NEWLINE• That creature gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn. Untap it.	5/5		normal	CHAMP		\nRealm Crossers	U	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	4	U	3U	Flying, ward 2NEWLINEWhenever Realm Crossers deals combat damage to a player, create a blue enchantment token named Tambo with “At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control a Scout.”	3/3		normal	CHAMP		\nNeon Claw Knight	R	cube	Artifact Creature – Droid Knight 	7	R	1R	Whenever Neon Claw Knight enters or attacks, choose one. Create a Function token with that effect. (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)NEWLINE• This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINE• This spell costs R less to cast.NEWLINE• If this spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.	3/1		normal	CHAMP		\nAparodist		cube	Creature – Shapeshifter 	1	C	2	As Aparodist enters, choose a non-Human creature type.NEWLINEAparodist is the chosen type in addition to its other types.NEWLINE1, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control of the chosen type.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nBlind Eternal		cube	Creature – Eldrazi 	2	C	9	FlyingNEWLINEBlind Eternal can’t be blocked by creatures with mana value 2 or less.NEWLINE3, Discard Blind Eternal: Search your library for a noncreature card with a mana ability, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	8/8		normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nFormless Eidolon		cube	Creature – Spirit Horror 	3	C	5	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEWhen Formless Eidolon enters, create a tapped token that’s a copy of target land you control.NEWLINEEvoke 3 (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	4/3		normal	MC25		\nThe Infinite		cube	Legendary Creature – Angel 	4	C	8	FlyingNEWLINEYou pay 0 to cast your first spell each turn rather than its mana cost. If you cast a spell with X in its mana cost this way, X is 8.	4/8		normal	MC25		!design Fleur\nRestless Explorer		cube	Creature – Human Scout 	5	C	3	When Restless Explorer enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT:gynoidpoet\nZareen's Pariah		cube	Creature – Djinn Shaman 	6	WUBRG	6	Zareen’s Pariah is all colors.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEDuring each of your turns, you may cast a spell of each color from your graveyard.	5/4		normal	MC25		\nAnointed Cursebreaker	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric Soldier 	8	W	1W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhen Anointed Cursebreaker enters, you may exile target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls. When Anointed Cursebreaker is no longer on the battlefield, return the exiled card to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nArtificial Sanctity	W	cube	Enchantment	9	W	4W	Creatures you control get +2/+2.NEWLINELifecycle 3 (3, Discard this card: Create two tapped 1/1 colorless Elemental creature tokens.)			normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nAstral Capricine	W	cube	Enchantment Creature – Goat 	10	W	WWW		3/3	First strikeNEWLINEChronicle (As this enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Stop after III.)NEWLINE[Lore I-II] Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures you control.NEWLINE[Lore III] Remove all lore counters from Astral Capricine. Create two 0/1 white Goat creature tokens.	leveler	MC25		\nAtal, the Shroudmaker	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Horror 	11	W	4WWW	Once each turn, when Atal, the Shroudmaker enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may create two tapped 1/1 colorless Human creature tokens. If Atal isn’t a token, creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.NEWLINE2WW, Discard Atal: Create a token that’s a copy of Atal, the Shroudmaker, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		\nAvengeance Angel	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	12	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Avengeance Angel attacks, you may put a creature card with mana value 2 or less from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.	4/4		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterManNEWLINE!design HerziQuerzi\nAyala's Blessing	W	cube	Enchantment	13	W	3W	When Ayala’s Blessing enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to two target creatures.NEWLINEWhenever an embattled creature you control dies, you may return it to its owner’s hand. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		\nBanishing Initiate	W	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	14	W	1W	When Banishing Initiate enters, you may exile target nonland permanent you don’t control until Banishing Initiate leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Banishing Initiate if a card exiled with it has mana value 3 or greater.	3/1		normal	MC25		\nBattlesuit Prototyping	W	cube	Enchantment – Project 	15	W	W	Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, you may put a progress counter on Battlesuit Prototyping.		NEWLINE[progress 2-6] NEWLINE[progress 7+] 	leveler	MC25		\nBeyond the Veil	W	cube	Enchantment	16	W	1W	When Beyond the Veil enters, another target nonland permanent phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)NEWLINENonland permanents you don’t control with mana value 3 or less can’t phase in.			normal	MC25		\nBioluminescent Display	W	cube	Instant	18	W	2W	Return up to one target spell to its owner’s hand.NEWLINECreate two 1/1 blue Elemental creature tokens with flying. They can’t block this turn.			normal	MC25		\nCai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	19	W	1WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Cai Lan enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/3		normal	MC25		\nCassia the Carefree	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Cassia 	20	W	2WW			Wander 2WW (You may cast this from the battlefield for its wander cost.)NEWLINE[-1]: Create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying or a 2/2 black Cat creature token.NEWLINE[-2]: If a permanent entering the battlefield under your control this turn causes an ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.NEWLINE[-3]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	planeswalker	MC25	5	\nCelestial Concordance	W	cube	Sorcery	21	W	3WW	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy all creatures.NEWLINE• Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nChronicles of the Kitsune	W	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	22	W	W			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Chronicles of the Kitsune enters, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.NEWLINE2WW: Act I: AscentNEWLINECreature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have flying.NEWLINE3WW: Act II: DescentNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control no creatures, create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	class	MC25		\nConscious Taboo	W	cube	Creature – Spirit 	23	W	1W	When Conscious Taboo enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a noncreature, nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may play it. A spell cast this way costs 2 more to cast.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nEntelan Idealist	W	cube	Creature – Human Wizard Scout 	24	W	W	Whenever you make first contact, Entelan Idealist gets +2/+2 until end of turn. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nEvolution's End	W	cube	Instant	25	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker. Its controller conjures a card named Data-Point into their hand. (It’s a sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!FT: Splashcat\nFolsen, King of Valimir	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	26	W	2W	Whenever a Plains you control enters, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you attack, you may search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/4		normal	MC25		\nFulguration	W	cube	Sorcery	27	W	3WW	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 3W.NEWLINEChoose a nonland permanent type. Destroy all permanents of the chosen type. If this spell’s additional cost was paid, destroy all permanents of the chosen type you don’t control instead.			normal	MC25		\nGaoming, Foxes' Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	28	W	W	As long as you control five or more creatures, if you would create a token, you may instead create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design CyberChronometer\nGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	29	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINENoncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.NEWLINECreatures with mana value 3 or greater enter tapped.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nHanabira, Kogane's Legacy	W	cube	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	30	W	WW	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature attacks, until your next turn, up to one target creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MC25		\nHelena, the Awakener	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Helena 	31	W	1WW			[+1]: Create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token. If you control three or more Clerics, you may instead create Aspect of Faradia, a legendary 5/5 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target creature if you control an Angel. Otherwise, that creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated until your next turn.NEWLINE[-7]: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain flying and vigilance until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nHeliod, the Ceaseless Dawn	W	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	32	W	3W	IndestructibleNEWLINEAs long as your devotion to white is less than five, Heliod isn’t a creature.NEWLINEIf an effect would create one or more kinds of tokens under your control, it creates an additional token of each kind. NEWLINE3W: Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/7		normal	MC25		\nHerald of the White Orchid	W	cube	Creature – Human Soldier 	33	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature deals combat damage to a player, if it was encouraged by Herald of the White Orchid this turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nInconspicuous Loxodon	W	cube	Artifact Creature – Elephant 	35	W	1W	Advance 3WW (Cast this for 3WW to advance it as it enters. 3WW: Advance this as a sorcery.)NEWLINEWhenever Inconspicuous Loxodon advances, search your library for an Equipment card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINEAs long as Inconspicuous Loxodon is enchanted or equipped, he’s a 5/5 legendary Elephant Rogue named Agent E.	1/4		normal	MC25		\nJusticiar Overseer	W	cube	Creature – Angel Soldier 	36	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Justiciar Overseer enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrain\nKernel Quarantine	W	cube	Enchantment	37	W	3W	This spell has flash as long as you control another enchantment.NEWLINEWhen Kernel Quarantine enters, exile all other creatures until Kernel Quarantine leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan\nLegacy Warmask	W	cube	Artifact – Equipment 	38	W	1W	When Legacy Warmask enters, return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Legacy Warmask to that creature.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	MC25		\nLuna, Loyal Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Fox 	39	W	1W	When Luna enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter or loyalty counter on target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEWhenever another creature or planeswalker enters, you may exile Luna. Return her to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step.	1/1		normal	MC25		!design Cajun\nMargyd's Celebrant	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric Knight 	40	W	W	Improve 1W (1W: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEPrevent all combat damage that would be dealt to attacking embattled creatures you control. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	2/1		normal	MC25		\nOnce More with Heart	W	cube	Sorcery	41	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value is less than 3, you gain life equal to the difference.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan\nOrder Module	W	cube	Enchantment – Module 	42	W	2WW			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.NEWLINE(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)NEWLINEWWW: PurposeNEWLINECreate three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINEWWW: JusticeNEWLINEExile target nonland permanent you don’t control until Order Module leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEWWW: UnityNEWLINEOrder Module gains “Creatures you control get +1/+1.”	class	MC25		\nPious Flutist	W	cube	Creature – Human Bard 	44	W	W	When Pious Flutist enters, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffydeathbringer2\nPromised Exaltation	W	cube	Creature – Angel Spirit 	45	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks alone, choose one –NEWLINE• Exile target creature with power less than that creature’s power.NEWLINE• Put two +1/+1 counters on that creature.NEWLINE• That creature gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn. Untap it.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nProud Lion	W	cube	Creature – Cat 	46	W	W	Sacrifice Proud Lion: Counter target spell that targets you.NEWLINERide 1W (Transform this and attach it to target creature you control without a Steed. Ride only as a sorcery.)	2/1		transform double faced	MC25		Mount of Heroes	W	Enchantment – Aura Steed 	W		(Transform this if it’s not attached to a creature. Pay 1W as a sorcery to unattach it.)NEWLINEEnchant creature you controlNEWLINEMount of Heroes’s rider gets +2/+1.NEWLINESacrifice Mount of Heroes: Counter target spell that targets you or Mount of Heroes’s rider.				\nQueen Andarli, the Fierce	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble Soldier 	47	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINEOther creatures you control have protection from mana value 3 or greater.	2/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetNEWLINE!design Bergland\nSeraph of the Stage	W	cube	Creature – Construct Angel 	49	W	2WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cycle Seraph of the Stage or it attacks, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nSolari's Faithful	W	cube	Creature – Elf Cleric 	50	W	4WW	Whenever you make first contact, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nSpectral Chains	W	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	51	W	2W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Spectral Chains enters, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINEAs long as you control a creature, enchanted creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	MC25		\nTegan, the Sparrowhawk	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Archer 	52	WR	W	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)NEWLINEWhenever Tegan, the Sparrowhawk attacks, you may pay R/W. When you do, Tegan deals 1 damage to target creature if it’s tapped. Otherwise, tap it.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nUnwrite	W	cube	Instant	53	W	1W	Choose one –NEWLINE• Unwrite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	MC25		\nVisions of Sand and Steel	W	cube	Enchantment	54	W	2W	Whenever you attack, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 1. Attach it to an attacking creature you control.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, untap each embattled creature you control. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nXifang Hu, Light Within	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Cat Monk 	55	W	1W		2/2	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Xifang Hu enters, noncreature spells cost 2 more to cast until your next turn.NEWLINE1W: DemigodNEWLINEWhenever a creature attacks this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token.NEWLINE4WW: GodNEWLINEDistribute a flying, first strike, indestructible, lifelink, vigilance, and +1/+1 counter among any number of creatures you control.	class	MC25		\nZareen, the Second Shah	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	56	W	2W	When Zareen, the Second Shah enters, search your library for a creature card with mana value 2 or less or a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEMonument 2WW (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Throne of Soli	W	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	W		Each creature you control enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEEach planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.				\nAbscond	U	cube	Sorcery	57	U	XU	Gain control of target noncreature, nonland permanent with mana value X.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nAetheric Researcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Scientist 	58	U	U	Whenever you make first contact, you may draw a card. If you do, put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	1/1		normal	MC25		\nAgent of Deception	U	cube	Creature – Merfolk Rogue 	59	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEWhen Agent of Deception enters, counter target creature or planeswalker spell unless its controller pays X, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	1/1		normal	MC25		\nBuoyant Thoughts	U	cube	Sorcery	60	U	2UUU	Draw four cards, then untap up to two target lands.			normal	MC25		!FT: N3onblue\nConsider	U	cube	Instant	61	U	U	Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nConsult the Dewdrops	U	cube	Instant	62	U	1U	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		\nCryptosphinx	U	cube	Enchantment Creature – Sphinx 	63	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEBreach (Whenever this deals combat damage to a player, you may have it become an Aura Curse until your next turn. Attach it to that player.)NEWLINEWhenever a cursed opponent draws a card, you may draw two cards.	4/6		normal	MC25		\nDaring Escapade	U	cube	Instant	64	U	U	Exile target creature, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control, then choose one –NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINE• Put a stun counter on it.			normal	MC25		\nDiligent Fishermen	U	cube	Creature – Human Citizen 	66	U	1U	When Diligent Fishermen enters, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/3		normal	MC25		\nDream Monologue	U	cube	Sorcery	68	U	6UU	Take an extra turn after this one.NEWLINECompose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3–You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		\nDuncaster Nightwatcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Detective 	69	U	3U	When Duncaster Nightwatcher enters and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you attack with three or more creatures, return target noncreature, nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nExpel from the Dungeon	U	cube	Instant	70	U	3U	Target player chooses a creature they control, then returns all other creatures they control to their owners’ hands.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nForbiddance	U	cube	Instant	71	U	UU	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	MC25		!FT: Splashcat\nGenerated Genius	U	cube	Instant	72	U	3UU	Draw two cards.NEWLINEYou may cast an instant or sorcery spell with mana value 3 or less from your hand or graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		\nHand of Dominion	U	cube	Creature – Human 	73	U	UU	When Hand of Dominion enters, tap target creature an opponent controls. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if your fealty to Islands is five or greater, transform Hand of Dominion. (Each Island you control counts towards your fealty to Islands.)	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Liege of Iekin	U	Creature – Human Wizard 	U		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Liege of Iekin attacks, tap target permanent an opponent controls. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	3/3			\nHydrolyze	U	cube	Instant	74	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.NEWLINEEach player draws a card.			normal	MC25		\nIekin's Portal	U	cube	Legendary Enchantment	75	U	1UU	When Iekin’s Portal enters, look at the top five cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINE1UU: Transform Iekin’s Portal. Activate only if your fealty to Islands is five or greater. (Each Island you control counts towards your fealty to Islands.)			transform double faced	MC25		Iekin, God of Wisdom	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	U		IndestructibleNEWLINEYou have no maximum hand size.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card, you draw a card.NEWLINEIf you would lose the game other than for having 0 or less life, you win the game instead. (Another player winning the game does not cause you to lose the game.)	5/5			\nImagine	U	cube	Sorcery	76	U	U	Shuffle any number of cards from your graveyard into your library.NEWLINEScry 1, then draw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nInner Thoughts	U	cube	Instant – Inscription 	77	U	U	Draw a card.NEWLINEInscribe 1U (1U: Exile this card from your hand inscribed on a creature you control. Whenever that creature attacks, its controller may cast a copy of the inscribed card without paying its mana cost. Inscribe only as a sorcery.)			normal	MC25		\nIterative Designer	U	cube	Creature – Vedalken Artificer 	78	U	2U	Eureka! (At the beginning of each end step, you get a research counter if you cast a spell this turn. Then if you have eight or more research counters, remove them and create a Masterpiece token of your choice.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nKeranos's Ideosphinx	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	79	U	2UU	Flying, ward 2NEWLINEThe first noncreature spell you cast each turn costs X less to cast, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	4/3		normal	MC25		\nLogic Module	U	cube	Enchantment – Module 	81	U	2UU			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.NEWLINE(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)NEWLINEUUU: PremiseNEWLINECreate a token that’s a copy of target creature.NEWLINEUUU: InferenceNEWLINETap all creatures target player controls. Those creatures don’t untap during that player’s next untap step.NEWLINEUUU: ConclusionNEWLINELogic Module gains “Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.”	class	MC25		\nMakodonis, Prime Exemplar	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Makodonis 	83	U	2UU			[+1]: Scry 2. Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control, except the token is 4/4 and has vigilance.NEWLINE[-7]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards” and “Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each card you’ve drawn this turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nMegalokraken	U	cube	Creature – Kraken Leviathan 	85	U	3UU	Colossal 4–5UUU (You may cast this for its colossal cost to have it enter with four +1/+1 counters; or pay 5UUU as a sorcery: Put four +1/+1 counters on it if it has none.)NEWLINEWhenever Megalokraken enters or attacks, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is Megalokraken’s power. You may cast a noncreature spell with mana value X or less from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/5		normal	MC25		\nMizuki, Lady of All Waters	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Merfolk 	86	U	1U		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINE2UU: WizardNEWLINEDraw a card, then discard a card. Mizuki gains “Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less.”NEWLINE6UU: AvatarNEWLINEDraw two cards. Mizuki gains “Whenever Mizuki attacks, you may cast a noncreature spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.”	class	MC25		!design Featherfall\nOminous Discovery	U	cube	Sorcery	87	U	1U	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINERerun (If you cast this from your hand, exile it as it resolves. Whenever a creature you control dies, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		\nPower Control	U	cube	Sorcery	88	U	3UU	Conjure a card named Ancestral Recall, a card named Time Walk, and a card named Timetwister into your main library, then shuffle.NEWLINEDraw three cards. Exile Power Control.			normal	MC25		\nPrognosticate	U	cube	Sorcery	89	U	U	Scry 1. Draw a card. Scry 1.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1\nPull from Beyond	U	cube	Instant	90	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.NEWLINEAcquiesce (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. When one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		\nRealm Crossers	U	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	91	U	3U	Flying, ward 2NEWLINEWhenever Realm Crossers deals combat damage to a player, create a blue enchantment token named Tambo with “At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control a Scout.”	3/3		normal	MC25		\nReconstructed Adept	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	92	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEWhen Reconstructed Adept enters, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains agonize until end of turn. (You may cast it by putting a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile that card.)	1/2		normal	MC25		\nReflected Moment	U	cube	Sorcery	93	U	4UU	Take an extra turn after this one. If this spell was cast from exile, take two extra turns after this one instead. Shuffle Reflected Moment into its owner’s main library.NEWLINEProphecy 6UU (Once each turn, you may exile a card with prophecy as you reveal it. When you do, you may cast it for its prophecy cost as long as it’s exiled.)			normal	MC25		\nRetort Nonsense	U	cube	Instant	94	U	1UU	Counter target spell.NEWLINEYou may draw four cards. If you do, skip your next turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nRixia, Rift Shunted	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Advisor 	95	U	2U	When Rixia, Rift Shunted enters, target creature can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may aetherize it. (To aetherize, create a token that’s a copy of it, then exile that token.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!design n3onblue\nRoot Corruption	U	cube	Instant	96	U	1U	Choose one –NEWLINE• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.NEWLINE• Create a tapped token that’s a copy of target token you control.			normal	MC25		\nA Rush of Stillness in the Air	U	cube	Sorcery	97	U	U	Return target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less and without reconstruct from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEReconstruct 6U (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		\nScatter Riches	U	cube	Instant	98	U	1UUU	Counter target spell. Tap all lands that spell’s controller controls and that player loses all unspent mana.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nStillmarsh Brinecatcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Merfolk Horror 	99	U	2U	When Stillmarsh Brinecatcher enters, return another target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control a permanent with mana value 5 or greater, you may sacrifice Stillmarsh Brinecatcher. If you do, draw a card and create a 3/2 colorless Horror creature token.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nStudy the Maps	U	cube	Instant	100	U	2U	Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINECompose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3–You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		\nA Sucker for You	U	cube	Sorcery	101	U	3UU	Gain control of target artifact, creature, or planeswalker if its mana value is 4 or less or if you cast A Sucker for You from a graveyard.NEWLINEReconstruct 9UUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		\nUnseen Maniac	U	cube	Creature – Human Rogue 	102	U	1U	Discard a card: Unseen Maniac gets +1/+1 and can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINEWhenever Unseen Maniac deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nVeiled by the Blizzard	U	cube	Instant	103	U	U	Until end of turn, you may cast creature spells as though they had flash.NEWLINECreatures you control can’t be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control this turn.			normal	MC25		\nWay of Water	U	cube	Instant	104	U	1U	Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 2. Until end of turn, you may cast spells as though they had flash.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoetNEWLINE!design TEST\nWorn Study	U	cube	Artifact	105	U	1U	T: Scry 1.NEWLINE1U, T: Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nZirrat, the Soulsearcher	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Zirrat 	106	U	5UU	Zirrat, the Soulsearcher costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.		This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 2/2 blue Elemental Illusion creature token with flying and “Whenever this becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice it.”NEWLINE[-3]: Return up to one other target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. Draw a card.	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nAmbitious Necromancer	B	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	107	B	B	Sabotage – Whenever an opponent or permanent an opponent controls becomes the target of a spell you control, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nAntithesis	B	cube	Enchantment	108	B	3BB	Creatures you don’t control get -1/-1.NEWLINEMirage 1B (You may cast this spell as though it had flash for its mirage cost. If you do, sacrifice it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.)			normal	MC25		\nArroyo, Infinitely Branching	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Reflection 	109	B	2BB	Once during each of your turns, when a card is put into a graveyard from anywhere, you may cast it. You may spend mana of any color to cast that spell.NEWLINEWhen Arroyo, Infinitely Branching is put into your graveyard from anywhere, you may cast it.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design Cajun\nBlood Artist	B	cube	Creature – Vampire 	111	B	1B	Whenever Blood Artist or another creature dies, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nBrutalize	B	cube	Sorcery	112	B	1B	Target opponent sacrifices a creature.NEWLINERerun (If you cast this from your hand, exile it as it resolves. Whenever a creature you control dies, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MC25		\nCarrion Scythe	B	cube	Artifact – Equipment 	113	B	2BB	When Carrion Scythe enters, if you cast it, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Carrion Scythe to it.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MC25		\nChanneler of the Veil	B	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	114	B	1B	When Channeler of the Veil enters, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINESacrifice another creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nChigau, the Red Market	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment	115	B	1B	When Chigau, the Red Market enters, draw a card, then choose a creature card name.NEWLINEOnce each turn, you may cast a creature spell with the chosen name from your graveyard.			normal	MC25		\nCorpsecaster Mage	B	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	116	B	1B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Corpsecaster Mage enters, if you cast it, target creature card in your graveyard gains arise until end of turn. Its arise cost is equal to its mana cost. (Exile that card from your graveyard and pay its arise cost: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a black Zombie in addition to its other types, has no mana cost, and can’t block. Arise only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	MC25		!design Matt\nCorrupted Memory	B	cube	Sorcery	117	B	B	Glitch 1 (Remove one [restriction] for each time you pay the glitch cost.)NEWLINETarget opponent reveals their hand. You choose a [noncreature,] nonland card [with mana value 3 or less] from among them. That player discards that card.			normal	MC25		\nCrypt Gnawer	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Horror 	118	B	B	Menace, haste, decayed (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on each of your turns, if you have three or more creature cards in your graveyard and haven’t controlled a creature named Crypt Gnawer this turn, return Crypt Gnawer from your graveyard to the battlefield.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nCrypt Tutor	B	cube	Sorcery	119	B	1B	Search your library for a card, exile it face down, then shuffle. For as long as that card remains exiled, you may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way if you don’t control a legendary creature as you cast that spell.			normal	MC25		\nDeathless Siege	B	cube	Enchantment	120	B	BBB	You don’t lose the game for having 0 or less life.NEWLINEWhenever you’re dealt damage, mill that many cards.NEWLINEB, Pay 2 life: Put target card in your graveyard on the bottom of your library.			normal	MC25		\nDemon of Dark Shadows	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	121	B	5BB	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature that died this turn.NEWLINEFlying, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nDias, Freed from Belief	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Dias 	122	B	1BB			Whenever a creature you control dies, put a loyalty counter on Dias, Freed from Belief.NEWLINE[0]: Create a 2/1 black Nightmare creature token with “This creature can’t block.”NEWLINE[-X]: Destroy target creature or planeswalker unless an opponent pays twice X life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nEldritch Emergence	B	cube	Sorcery	124	B	3BB	You may cast this spell as though it had flash if you control a Horror creature.NEWLINEDestroy all non-Horror creatures.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2NEWLINE!design elmikkino\nEnopraxia's Endeavor	B	cube	Instant	125	B	1B	This spell costs 2 more to cast for each target beyond the first.NEWLINEChoose one or more –NEWLINE• Remove all counters from target non-Gorgon creature. If it has toughness 2 or less, destroy it.NEWLINE• Return target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain 4 life.NEWLINE• Exile target player’s graveyard.			normal	MC25		\nErebos, the Imminent End	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	126	B	2B	IndestructibleNEWLINEAs long as your devotion to black is less than five, Erebos isn’t a creature.NEWLINEOther creatures you control dying causes abilities of that creature to trigger as though it entered.NEWLINE2B: Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	5/5		normal	MC25		!ArtHunt\nGroz, the Nightshaper	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Horror 	127	B	4BBB	Once each turn, when Groz, the Nightshaper enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may return target nonlegendary creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Then if Groz isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of that creature card.NEWLINE2BB, Discard Groz: Create a token that’s a copy of Groz, the Nightshaper, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		\nHalford, the Rightful King	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	128	B	1BBB	Whenever Halford enters or attacks, an opponent chooses one. When they choose one that has already been chosen, copy that ability.NEWLINE• That opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE• That opponent sacrifices a permanent.NEWLINE• That opponent discards a card. If they can’t, draw a card.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nInevitable Future	B	cube	Sorcery	129	B	6B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature and/or planeswalker card in your graveyard.NEWLINEReturn target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: Toastiferous\nInexorable Epidemic	B	cube	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	130	B	4BB	Enchant opponentNEWLINECreatures enchanted player controls get -2/-2.NEWLINEWhenever enchanted player casts a noncreature spell, they lose 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	MC25		\nJejun, Dark Hunter	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	131	B	4BB	Bloodprice BBBB (You may cast this card by sacrificing a creature and paying its bloodprice.)NEWLINELifelink, hasteNEWLINESacrifice another Demon: Jejun, Dark Hunter gains flying and indestructible until end of turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	132	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEYou may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nLegion of Giradrus	B	cube	Creature – Skeleton Army 	134	B	B	B, T, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.NEWLINEB, T, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on each Skeleton you control.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nLeyline Invoker	B	cube	Creature – Anteater Shaman 	135	B	1B	When Leyline Invoker enters and at the beginning of your upkeep, you may mill two cards.NEWLINE5B, T, Sacrifice Leyline Invoker: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each creature card in your graveyard.	1/3		normal	MC25		\nMalefic Portal	B	cube	Sorcery	136	B	2B	Return target creature card with mana value 5 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEMetamorph B (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up and cast it at any time for its metamorph cost.)			normal	MC25		\nMennin Pack	B	cube	Creature – Goblin 	137	B	B	FlashNEWLINEWhen Mennin Pack enters, each opponent loses 1 life.NEWLINEWhen Mennin Pack dies, each opponent discards a card.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nMutual Destruction	B	cube	Enchantment	138	B	2BB	Whenever a creature you control dies, destroy target creature you don’t control.			normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan\nNherix, the Soulcage	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Horror Warlock 	139	UB	1B	U/BU/B: Return Nherix, the Soulcage from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.NEWLINE6: Return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nNiu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Ox Demon Monk 	140	B	2B		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Niu Mo Wang enters, you may have all players sacrifice a nontoken creature, enchantment, or planeswalker.NEWLINEB: DemigodNEWLINEEach player discards a card.NEWLINEXB: GodNEWLINEReturn any number of target creature cards not named Niu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution with different mana values X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. X can’t be 0.	class	MC25		\nOriq Soulweaver	B	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	141	B	BBB	Whenever you cast a black spell, choose up to X, where X is the number of black mana symbols in that spell’s mana cost –NEWLINE• Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINE• Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.NEWLINE• You draw a card and you lose 3 life.NEWLINE• Exile target card in a graveyard.	3/3		normal	MC25		!design Zangy\nPestilent Scavenger	B	cube	Creature – Rat Rogue 	142	B	B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Pestilent Scavenger enters, you may mill three cards.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nPower Module	B	cube	Enchantment – Module 	143	B	2BB			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.NEWLINE(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)NEWLINEBBB: AmbitousNEWLINESearch your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose 3 life.NEWLINEBBB: RuthlessNEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEBBB: DeterminedNEWLINEPower Module gains “At the beginning of your upkeep, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.”	class	MC25		\nProfessor's Notes	B	cube	Sorcery	145	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.NEWLINEConjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		\nReclusive Augur	B	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	146	B	B	2BB, Exile Reclusive Augur from your graveyard: Return another target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only during your turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nSalome's Intervention	B	cube	Sorcery	147	B	1B	Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.NEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, if Salome’s Intervention wasn’t put into your graveyard this turn, return it from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MC25		\nSedraxis Trepanator	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Mutant Warrior 	148	B	B	T, Sacrifice a creature: Target player discards a card and loses 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nSesilius of Wicked Ways	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Sesilius 	149	B	1BBB			[+1]: Remove all counters from target permanent.NEWLINE[+1]: Each opponent discards a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it.NEWLINE[-7]: Each opponent gets an emblem with “At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 7 life unless you sacrifice seven permanents.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nShikai Revenant	B	cube	Creature – Zombie 	150	B	B	Shikai Revenant enters tapped.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may return Shikai Revenant from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nSultan of Avarice	B	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	152	B	BB	MenaceNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 3 life. If you do, draw a card.	2/3		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan\nSurge of Darkness	B	cube	Instant	153	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature.			normal	MC25		\nUnstill Unlife	B	cube	Sorcery	154	B	1BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with an additional -1/-1 counter on it.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nVoid Portal	B	cube	Enchantment	155	B	2B	Discard a card: Search your library for a card with the same mana value as the discarded card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery and only once each turn.			normal	MC25		!design Emily\nYoung Necromancer	B	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	156	B	1B	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.	2/1		normal	MC25		!FT: TEST\nAda, the Free	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Reflection 	157	R	2RRR	Distorted (This creature can be blocked by tapped creatures but not untapped creatures.)NEWLINEAs you choose targets for an instant or sorcery spell, choose up to one additional target.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, gain control of another target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	3/2		normal	MC25		\nAnax's Endeavor	R	cube	Instant	158	R	1R	This spell costs 2 more to cast for each target beyond the first.NEWLINEChoose one or more –NEWLINE• Anax’s Endeavor deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Destroy target nonbasic land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact. Scry 1.			normal	MC25		\nAuros, the Red King	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior Noble 	159	R	3R	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEWhen Auros enters, it deals damage to any target equal to your devotion to red. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)NEWLINER, Sacrifice Auros, Discard your hand: Draw three cards.	3/3		normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoet\nBlood Cult Covenant	R	cube	Enchantment	160	R	1R	At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINESacrifice a creature, Sacrifice Blood Cult Covenant: Blood Cult Covenant deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	MC25		\nBloodbelly Glutton	R	cube	Creature – Ogre Warrior 	161	R	2R	Improve 1R (1R: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEAs long as Bloodbelly Glutton is embattled, it has first strike, menace, and haste. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	4/3		normal	MC25		\nBrightflame Phoenix	R	cube	Creature – Phoenix 	162	R	RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEAt the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Brightflame Phoenix.NEWLINERetrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!designer Bergland\nBrimstone Oration	R	cube	Instant	163	R	R	Foretell 1R (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)NEWLINEBrimstone Oration deals 2 damage to any target. If this spell was foretold, it deals 4 damage to any target instead.			normal	MC25		\nCinderhoof Minotaur	R	cube	Creature – Minotaur Shaman 	164	R	RR	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever a player casts a spell, Cinderhoof Minotaur deals 1 damage to that player.NEWLINEWhenever Cinderhoof Minotaur attacks, add R. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nConquer Psyche	R	cube	Sorcery	165	R	2R	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Create a token that’s a copy of it. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	MC25		\nCreative Salvage	R	cube	Sorcery	166	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a nonland card.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	MC25		!FT: Timespiraled\nCrimson Knight	R	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	167	R	RR	HasteNEWLINERRR, Discard your hand, Sacrifice Crimson Knight: Draw three cards.	2/2		normal	MC25		!FT: PlasterMan\nCrimson Sunrise	R	cube	Sorcery	168	R	4RR	Crimson Sunrise deals 4 damage to each creature. Each player sacrifices four nonbasic lands.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nCurio Hellkite	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	169	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you make first contact, Curio Hellkite deals 2 damage to any target. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)	3/3		normal	MC25		\nDamning Flames	R	cube	Instant	170	R	1R	Tithe (As you cast this spell, you may tap three artifacts and/or creatures you control.)NEWLINEDamning Flames deals 3 damage to any target. If this spell’s tithe was paid, it deals 6 damage instead.			normal	MC25		\nExhilarating Prescience	R	cube	Enchantment	172	R	1RR	Whenever you cast a spell, put a lore counter on Exhilarating Prescience.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of lore counters on Exhilarating Prescience. You may play those cards until your next turn.			normal	MC25		\nExtraction Mercenary	R	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	173	R	R	When Extraction Mercenary enters, if you attacked this turn, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)NEWLINE4RR: Extraction Mercenary deals 3 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nFeeding Time	R	cube	Enchantment	174	R	R	Whenever an attacking creature dies, you may pay R. If you do, create a 2/1 red Merfolk creature token.			normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nFerocious Flame	R	cube	Instant	175	R	R	Ferocious Flame deals 2 damage to any target. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, it deals 4 damage instead.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nFestival Sabotage	R	cube	Sorcery	176	R	R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Festival Sabotage deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	MC25		\nFiery Erasure	R	cube	Instant	177	R	R	Fiery Erasure deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nFires of Renewal	R	cube	Instant	178	R	2R	Fires of Renewal deals 2 damage to each creature.NEWLINECreate a Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!FT: Mako\nFlamecloaked Artisan	R	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	179	R	2R	Experience (Whenever this creature attacks, if it has fewer than three +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEWhenever Flamecloaked Artisan attacks, exile the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card with mana value less than Flamecloaked Artisan’s power, you may cast it this turn, and you may cast it as though it had flash.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nFrom Ancient Tomes	R	cube	Sorcery	180	R	R	Target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it. Mana cost includes color.)			normal	MC25		\nHeartforge Savant	R	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	182	R	1R	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, crystallize. If you create a Treasure this way, Heartforge Savant deals 1 damage to you for each Treasure you’ve created this turn. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)	1/1		normal	MC25		\nHinterland Ritualist	R	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	183	R	R	2R, T, Exert Hinterland Ritualist, Sacrifice another creature: Hinterland Ritualist deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target. Activate only as a sorcery. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)	2/1		normal	MC25		\nIdentity Module	R	cube	Enchantment – Module 	184	R	2RR			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.NEWLINE(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)NEWLINERRR: BoldNEWLINEAny player may have Identity Module deal 5 damage to them. If no one does, draw three cards.NEWLINERRR: BrashNEWLINEIdentity Module deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINERRR: BurningNEWLINEIdentity Module gains “Players can’t gain life” and “At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, Identity Module deals 2 damage to that player.”	class	MC25		\nLt. Daisy Saxon	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	186	R	R	Cadence (Whenever you cast a spell, if its mana value is greater than this creature’s power, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)NEWLINE1R, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Lt. Daisy Saxon: She deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nMartial Maestro	R	cube	Creature – Human Wizard Soldier 	187	R	R	First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Martial Maestro attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: Chumbeque\nMetal Munch	R	cube	Sorcery	188	R	R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Metal Munch deals 1 damage to each of up to two targets.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nMinister of Zealots	R	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	189	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token with haste.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, sacrifice each Cleric token you control unless you’ve cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nNacatl Skirmisher	R	cube	Creature – Cat Warrior 	190	R	R	R, Sacrifice Nacatl Skirmisher: Destroy target artifact.NEWLINEStampede – Whenever Nacatl Skirmisher and a creature with greater power attack, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	MC25		\nNeon Claw Knight	R	cube	Artifact Creature – Droid Knight 	191	R	1R	Whenever Neon Claw Knight enters or attacks, choose one. Create a Function token with that effect. (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)NEWLINE• This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINE• This spell costs R less to cast.NEWLINE• If this spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!addtoken UncounterableFunction;1;ReductionFunction;1;AmplifyFunction;1\nOathbreaker Orc	R	cube	Creature – Orc Berserker 	192	R	1R	Oathbreaker Orc attacks each combat if able.NEWLINEWhenever Oathbreaker Orc attacks, it deals 2 damage to defending player unless that player sacrifices a permanent.	2/3		normal	MC25		!design CanterburyEgg\nOminous Dragoncaller	R	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	193	R	1RR	Ominous Dragoncaller gets +1/+1 and has flying as long as you control a Dragon.	3/2		adventure	MC25		Call of the Dragon	R	Sorcery – Adventure 	R	1R	Search your library for a Dragon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. It deals damage equal to its power to you.				!design Requiem\nPaint with Starflame	R	cube	Instant	194	R	1R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Paint with Starflame deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. Scry 1.NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 red Elemental Shaman creature token with haste and “Whenever this creature attacks, scry 1.”			normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoet\nPrince of Stars	R	cube	Creature – Elemental Dragon 	195	R	3RR	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEDragon spells you cast have cascade.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrain\nQuantum Bit	R	cube	Enchantment	196	R	RR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may conjure two duplicates of it into your main library, then shuffle. Then if there are two or more cards in your graveyard that share a name with that spell, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	MC25		\nRagavan, Most Wanted	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Pirate 	197	R	R	As long as you control two or more other Pirates, Ragavan has haste.NEWLINEWhenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design gynoidpoet\nReckless Mutationist	R	cube	Creature – Human Scientist 	199	R	R	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINE1R, T, Sacrifice a Human: Create a token that’s a copy of the sacrificed creature, except it’s a 3/2 colorless Horror. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nScarletblood Hound	R	cube	Creature – Hound 	200	R	2R	HasteNEWLINEMotley – At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are five or more names among nonland permanents you control, Scarletblood Hound deals 3 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	MC25		\nScourge of the Mountains	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	201	R	2RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINERide 1R (1R: Transform this and attach it to target creature you control without a Mount. Ride only as a sorcery.)	4/3		transform double faced	MC25		Scale Bearer	R	Enchantment – Aura Steed 	R		(Transform this if it’s not attached to a creature. Pay 1R as a sorcery to unattach it.)NEWLINEEnchant creature you controlNEWLINEScale Bearer’s rider gets +4/+3 and has flying and haste.NEWLINEWhenever Scale Bearer’s rider attacks, you may pay 2R. If you do, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.				\nTunu, Ancient Shaper	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Tunu 	202	R	1RRR			Mountains you control have “T: Add RR.”NEWLINE[+1]: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the end of your next turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Conjure six cards named Scorch. Shuffle them and your hand into your library, then draw two cards.  (Scorch is a red sorcery that costs R with “Scorch deals 3 damage to any target.”)	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nValeri Kripac	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Valeri 	204	R	1RR			Whenever you cast a spell that targets, put a loyalty counter on Valeri Kripac and create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.NEWLINE[+1]: Add R. If you spend this mana on a spell that targets, that spell can’t be countered.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. You may play it until the end of your next turn. If you do, exile that spell instead of putting it anywhere else.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nVoidflare	R	cube	Instant	205	R	R	Voidflare deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINEWanderlust – Voidflare deals 3 damage instead if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	MC25		\nXiusheng of the Dragon Realm	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	206	R	RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay 2RR. If you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. Exile that token at end of combat.NEWLINEFerocious – Whenever Xiusheng of the Dragon Realm attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Xiusheng gains double strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nAdiran Scryers	G	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	207	G	G	T: Add one mana of any type that a land an opponent controls could produce.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: Opacana\nAdvanced Powercell	G	cube	Artifact – Powercell 	208	G	1G	Advanced Powercell enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		!FT: Opacana\nAgency Doorbreakers	G	cube	Creature – Human Soldier Detective 	209	G	2G	Improve 1 (1: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEOnce each turn, when one or more counters are put on a permanent you control, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you attack with three or more creatures, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nArbor Protector	G	cube	Creature – Treefolk Shaman 	210	G	7GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each differently named land you control.NEWLINEReach, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		!FT: Popcornia\nAstral Leucrocota	G	cube	Enchantment Creature – Beast 	211	G	GGG		4/4	TrampleNEWLINEChronicle (As this enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Stop after III.)NEWLINE[Lore I-II] Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn.NEWLINE[Lore III] Remove all lore counters from Astral Leucrocota. You gain 4 life.	leveler	MC25		\nAstralhorn Familiar	G	cube	Creature – Elemental Unicorn 	212	G	GG	Ward–Exile three cards from your graveyard. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player exiles three cards from their graveyard.)NEWLINEMenagerie – Astralhorn Familiar gets +2/+2 as long as there are five or more creature types among creatures you control.	3/2		normal	MC25		\nConsuming Symbiosis	G	cube	Instant	214	G	G	Escalate G (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more –NEWLINE• Target creature gets +3/+2 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target creature gains trample and hexproof until end of turn.			normal	MC25		\nCritters' Companion	G	cube	Creature – Bird Shaman 	215	G	G	T, Tap two other untapped creatures you control: Add two mana of any one color.	1/1		adventure	MC25		Eternal Bond	G	Sorcery – Adventure 	G	2G	Create two 1/1 green Frog creature tokens. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				\nEl, Humble Apprentice	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Elemental Monk 	216	G	1G	When El, Humble Apprentice enters, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEChosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)	1/2		transform double faced	MC25		Velir, End of All Worlds		Legendary Planeswalker – Velir 	G				As this permanent transforms into Velir, put four loyalty counters on it.NEWLINE[+1]: Draw two cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a land card.NEWLINE[-2]: Search your library for a multicolored card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-4]: Exile target permanent.NEWLINE[-4]: Exile target permanent.		\nElvish Wayfinder	G	cube	Creature – Elf Scout 	217	G	1G	Whenever Elvish Wayfinder enters or attacks, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a land card that doesn’t share a name with a land you control into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design Dr Batman\nEmbodiment of Nature	G	cube	Creature – Ox Spirit 	218	G	3GG	At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose one –NEWLINE• Embodiment of Nature gains haste and hexproof until your next turn.NEWLINE• Embodiment of Nature gains vigilance and indestructible until your next turn.NEWLINE• Embodiment of Nature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until your next turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nEsalia, Steward of Caer Crann	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Elf Druid 	219	G	1G	Vigilance, ward 1NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nField Tender	G	cube	Creature – Human Peasant 	221	G	1GG	You may play lands from your graveyard.NEWLINEWhenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 white Peasant creature token.	1/2		normal	MC25		!FT: Popcornia\nGorganith, Ruin Maw	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Hydra 	222	BG	4GG	Reach, trampleNEWLINEImprove 1B/G (1B/G: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. This costs 1 more to activate for each +1/+1 counter on it. Improve only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Gorganith, Ruin Maw, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a creature card with mana value equal to or less than the number of +1/+1 counters on Gorganith and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nInto the Woods	G	cube	Sorcery	224	G	1G	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		FT: Timespiraled\nKantra of Bounty	G	cube	Enchantment Creature – Spirit 	225	G	5G	Enspirit (As you cast this spell, you may exile a nonenchantment creature you control until this leaves the battlefield or fails to resolve. Reduce this spell’s cost by the exiled card’s mana value.)NEWLINEYou may play any number of lands on each of your turns.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nKou, Primal Shepherd	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Dryad 	226	G	1G	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice an Idol, draw a card.	1/2		normal	MC25		\nMattia, Hero of Tinyvale	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Mouse Archer Soldier 	227	G	1G	FlashNEWLINEReachNEWLINEWhenever Mattia enters or becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE2G, T: Target creature must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nMob Rallier	G	cube	Creature – Human Citizen 	228	G	3GG	Other creatures you control get +2/+2.	5/5		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffyDeathbringer2\nNatural Philosopher	G	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	231	G	2GG	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINECreatures you control have ward 2.NEWLINEWhen Natural Philosopher enters, you gain 2 life for each creature you control with power 4 or greater.	4/3		normal	MC25		\nNitrous Renewer	G	cube	Creature – Insect 	232	G	G	When Nitrous Renewer enters, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.NEWLINE3G, Exile Nitrous Renewer from your graveyard: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nOlten Surveyor	G	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	233	G	1G	When Olten Surveyor enters, choose any number. Each opponent creates a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token for each mode chosen.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment with mana value 3 or less.NEWLINE• Shuffle up to four cards from target player’s graveyard into their library.NEWLINE• You gain 4 life.	1/3		normal	MC25		\nPerformer of Growth	G	cube	Creature – Squirrel Actor 	234	G	1G	T: Add G. When that mana is used to cast a spell with mana value 5 or greater, you may untap Performer of Growth and transform it.	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Rei, the Supplanter	G	Legendary Creature – Squirrel Scout Actor 	G		Rei, the Supplanter gets +1/+1 for each Forest you control.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each player’s end step, if that player didn’t play a land this turn, create a Forest token.	3/3			\nPetal Scatterer	G	cube	Creature – Human 	235	G	GGG	When Petal Scatterer enters, create a green Aura enchantment token named Blossom attached to target land. It has enchant land and “Enchanted land has ‘T: Add GG.’”NEWLINEPetal Scatterer gets +1/+1 for each noncreature, nonland permanent you control.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nPowercell Cultivator	G	cube	Creature – Elf Artificer 	236	G	2G	When Powercell Cultivator enters, create a tapped colorless Powercell artifact token with “T: Add C.”NEWLINEArtifacts you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”	2/2		normal	MC25		\nPrimal Resurgence	G	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	237	G	G	Enchant landNEWLINEEnchanted land has “T: Add GG.”			normal	MC25		!FT: Zangy\nPrimordial Artisan	G	cube	Creature – Giant 	238	G	4GGG	ReachNEWLINEWhen Primordial Artisan enters and at the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a permanent card with mana value less than or equal to your devotion to green, you may put it onto the battlefield. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	7/7		normal	MC25		\nRelentless Pathcutter	G	cube	Creature – Elf Aurashaper Warrior 	239	G	2GG	When Relentless Pathcutter enters, create a green Aura enchantment token named Enmity attached to target creature. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.”NEWLINEWhen Relentless Pathcutter dies, return it to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nRelic Corrosion	G	cube	Instant	240	G	G	Glitch 2 (Remove one [restriction] for each time you pay the glitch cost.)NEWLINEDestroy target artifact or enchantment [with mana value 3 or less].			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nRoot Module	G	cube	Enchantment – Module 	241	G	2GG			Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.NEWLINE(Activate each submodule once as a sorcery. When this enters, activate one submodule for free.)NEWLINEGGG: SeedNEWLINESearch your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEGGG: SoilNEWLINEDestroy target noncreature permanent.NEWLINEGGG: StemNEWLINERoot Module gains “You may play an additional land on each of your turns.” and “Lands you control are every basic land type in addition to their other types.”	class	MC25		\nRova, the Fleshweaver	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Horror 	242	G	4GGG	Once each turn, when Rova, the Fleshweaver enters or you attack with one or more Horrors, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Then if Rova isn’t a token, untap each land you control. Until your next turn, you may cast permanent spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE2GG, Discard Rova: Create a token that’s a copy of Rova, the Fleshweaver, except it’s 4/4 and isn’t legendary. Activate only as a sorcery.	7/7		normal	MC25		\nRunebound Disciple	G	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	243	G	G	You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast spells with mana value 5 or greater or to activate abilities of permanents or permanent cards with mana value 5 or greater.NEWLINET: Add C.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nSavage Congregation	G	cube	Sorcery	244	G	2GG	Look at the top six cards of your library. Put up to two creature cards with total mana value 4 or less from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINEFerocious – If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	MC25		\nStardust Surveyor	G	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	245	G	1GG	Trample, ward 1NEWLINEWhenever Stardust Surveyor deals combat damage to a player, you may mill cards until you mill a creature card. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nStudies Past	G	cube	Sorcery	246	G	XGG	If you’ve lost life this turn, you may cast this spell as though it had flash.NEWLINEReturn X target cards with different mana values from your graveyard to your hand. Put Studies Past on the bottom of its owner’s library.			normal	MC25		\nVassal of the Wild	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid 	247	G	G	T: Add G. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Vassal of the Wild gets +2/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nVerdant Sanctuary	G	cube	Enchantment	248	G	1G	You may play basic land cards you own from outside the game.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1\nVictory Over Phyrexia	G	cube	Sorcery	249	G	1G	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment with mana value 3 or less.NEWLINE• You gain 3 life. Draw a card.			modal double faced	MC25		Legacy of Communion	G	Legendary Enchantment	G	3GG	Legacy (You may play this side of this card only from your graveyard. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, you may search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.				\nVivien the Sagittar	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Vivien 	250	G	3GG			[+1]: Mill four cards, then return up to one creature card milled this way to your hand. You may activate a different loyalty ability Vivien has this turn.NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 2/2 green Cat Spirit creature token with “When this creature dies, you gain 2 life.”NEWLINE[-3]: Choose target creature you don’t control. If it has flying, destroy it. Otherwise, up to one target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to that creature.NEWLINE[-9]: Create four 4/4 green Hydra creature tokens. Creatures you control gain trample and haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nVorreia, Farseer	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Vorreia 	251	G	1GG			[+1]: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-3]: You get an emblem with “1G: You may play an additional land this turn.”NEWLINE[-6]: Creatures you control gain trample and have base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nWarfield Excavator	G	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	252	G	1G	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Warfield Excavator attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.NEWLINEWarfield Excavator gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards exiled with it.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	253	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE1G: Carnation PetalsNEWLINEYou may cast creature spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE3G: Pecking OrderNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	MC25		\nXira, Scatterer of Seeds	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Dryad 	254	G	G	Ferocious – Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater you control enters, untap all lands you control.	0/1		normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1\nYeshin of New Humanity	G	cube	Legendary Artifact Creature – Construct 	255	G	2GG	1G: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINE2GG: Target creature you control becomes 4/4. (This lasts indefinitely.)NEWLINE4GGGG: Put four +1/+1 counters on each creature you control with power 4 or greater.	4/4		normal	MC25		!design Nix\nZadyk Ritualist	G	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	256	G	G	T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a creature: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nFrayed Nerves	WU	cube	Enchantment	258	WU	WU	Whenever a creature attacks you, tap that creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.			normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometer\nLost Through Dreams	WU	cube	Instant	259	WU	WU	Counter target spell. If a noncreature spell is countered this way, conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		\nSalome	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Salome 	261	UB	4UB			Whenever you cast your second spell during each of your turns, you may activate one of Salome’s loyalty abilities.NEWLINE[+1]: Draw a card. Untap up to two lands.NEWLINE[-4]: Destroy all creatures.NEWLINE[-8]: You get an emblem with “You may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for the second spell you cast each turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nEdarna the Everforge	BR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Edarna 	262	BR	3BR			[+2]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.NEWLINE[-3]: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINE[-7]: Discard your hand, then draw seven cards. You may put an Edarna planeswalker card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	MC25	5	\nTwinfire Dragon	BR	cube	Creature – Dragon 	264	BR	2BR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever another creature dies, Twinfire Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometer\nPetal-Weaver Alexa	RG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Alexa 	265	RG	RG			[+1]: You may play an additional land this turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Discard a card. If you do, return target creature, land or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-5]: Create Thrice-Folded Lotus, a colorless Masterpiece artifact token with “T: Add three mana of any one color.” and “3, T: This artifact deals 3 damage to any target.”	planeswalker	MC25	2	!design Fleur\nTend to the Grove	RG	cube	Sorcery	266	RG	1RG	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINECreate a tapped colorless Mountain Forest land token. (It has “T: Add R or G.”)			normal	MC25		!designer Wrenn\nGathering the Gang	WG	cube	Enchantment	269	WG	2GW	Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a creature you control, you may search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nTendrilsnare	WG	cube	Sorcery	270	WG	GW	Exile target creature an opponent controls. Each player may search their library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles.			normal	MC25		\nAlonzo, Departed Detective	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Alonzo 	271	WB	2WB			Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINE[+1]: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE[-2]: You may sacrifice a creature. When you do, destroy target nonland permanent.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!design Matt\nSomber River Bearer	WB	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	273	WB	WB	Whenever another creature you control enters, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINESacrifice Somber River Bearer: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nCosmic Coalescing	UR	cube	Instant	275	UR	XUR	Cosmic Coalescing deals X damage to any target. You may reveal a noncreature card with mana value X or less you own from outside the game and put it into your hand. X can’t be 0.NEWLINEExile Cosmic Coalescing.			normal	MC25		\nPaul, Rock Bottom	UR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Paul 	276	UR	UR			When Paul, Rock Bottom dies, you may discard a card. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINE[+1]: Draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE[0]: Until end of turn, Paul becomes a 2/2 Construct creature with prowess. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to them this turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	MC25	2	\nIrbek, Crocodile Hunter	BG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Irbek 	277	BG	3BG			[+1]: Create a tapped 3/3 black Crocodile creature token with menace.NEWLINE[-1]: You may cast a copy of Size Up.NEWLINE[-7]: Each land you control becomes a 3/3 Crocodile creature and gains menace and haste until end of turn.	adventure	MC25	4	Size Up	BG	Sorcery – Adventure 	BG	1BG	Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value 3 or less. (Then exile this card. You may cast Irbek later from exile.)   				\nWhisperwoods Exploration	BG	cube	Sorcery	279	BG	BG	Mill three cards. When you do, return another nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MC25		!FT: softwood1\nComet, Pulled from Orbit	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Comet 	280	WR	2RW			At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. If that card has mana value 2 or less, you may play it from exile this turn.NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token. If you exiled an artifact or creature card this turn, create two instead.NEWLINE[0]: Create a Treasure token. If you exiled a card that had a mana ability this turn, create two instead.NEWLINE[-1]: Comet deals 2 damage to any target. If you exiled an instant or sorcery card this turn, Comet deals 2 damage to any target.	planeswalker	MC25	2	\nCommanding Princess	WR	cube	Creature – Human Noble 	281	WR	2RW	FlashNEWLINEWhen Commanding Princess enters, choose two –NEWLINE• Commanding Princess deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE• Return target permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.	2/1		normal	MC25		!design Pipsqueak\nHelene Trant	UG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Helene 	284	UG	2GU			[+2]: Until end of turn, Helene Trant becomes a 4/4 Human Warrior creature with hexproof and trample that’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to her this turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Draw two cards.NEWLINE[-4]: You get an emblem with “Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nIn Dire Straits	UG	cube	Instant	285	UG	2GU	Draw two cards, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you cast In Dire Straits during your turn for its reconstruct cost, create X 3/2 green Horror creature tokens, where X is the number of lands you control.NEWLINEReconstruct 8GGUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		\nKey to the Nexus		cube	Conspiracy	286	WUBRG		Puzzlebox (Begin the game with this and another card you own from outside the game in the command zone, locked. That card is face down until you unlock this.)NEWLINE5: Unlock Key to the Nexus. If WUBRG was spent to activate this ability, you may cast the revealed card without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put that card on top of your library.			normal	MC25		\nAvalia, Cyber Stalker	UB	cube	Legendary Creature – Vampire 	287	UB	1U/BU/B	FlyingNEWLINESpirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE3U/BU/B: Look at the top card of target opponent’s library, then exile it face down. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell.	3/3		normal	MC25		!designer Matt\nAyala's Effigy		cube	Artifact	289	C	2	T: Add C.NEWLINESacrifice a nonland permanent: Ayala’s Effigy becomes a 2/2 Construct artifact creature until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: CyberChronometer\nBarten's Journal		cube	Legendary Artifact	290	C	2	Each planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.NEWLINET: Add C.			normal	MC25		!design DrChillbrain\nGate of Realms		cube	Artifact	291	C	3	When Gate of Realms enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put that card into your hand. If you do, shuffle.NEWLINE10, T: Gate of Realms deals 3 damage to any target. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each different name among lands you control.			normal	MC25		!design Occo\nGiltwork Legacy		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	292	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature becomes untapped, you draw a card and you gain 2 life.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	MC25		\nGoblin War Chariot		cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	293	C	2	HasteNEWLINEBattle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)NEWLINEWhenever Goblin War Chariot becomes crewed, untap each creature that crewed it with mana value 1 or less. This ability triggers only once each turn.NEWLINECrew 3	3/2		normal	MC25		!design Cool Beens\nHarvest Reaper		cube	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	294	C	1	When a creature you control scavenges Harvest Reaper, search your library for a colorless card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEScavenge 4  (4, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card’s power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	MC25		\nL.O.T.U.S.		cube	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	295	C	5	L.O.T.U.S. enters tapped.NEWLINEWhen L.O.T.U.S. enters, conjure three cards named Data-Point into your hand. (It’s a sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)NEWLINET: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	MC25		\nLightblessed Claymore		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	296	C	3	When Lightblessed Claymore enters, attach it to target creature you control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +2/+0 and has lifelink.NEWLINEEquip 4			normal	MC25		\nMasterwork Archivist		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	297	C	4	When Masterwork Archivist enters, search your library and/or command zone for a legendary card, reveal it, then put it into your hand or graveyard. If you searched your library this way, shuffle.NEWLINEWhen Masterwork Archivist dies, you may draw a card.	2/2		normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nMonument to the Fallen Man		cube	Artifact	299	C	2	T: You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!FT: Styles\nPinnacle of Purity		cube	Artifact	300	C	1	T: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.NEWLINE1, Exile Pinnacle of Purity: Exile all graveyards. Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nSoul of New Alores		cube	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	301	C	4	Tap two untapped creatures you control: Harmonize. (Trigger up to one harmony of one permanent you control.)NEWLINEHarmony – Choose one –NEWLINE• Soul of New Alores becomes a creature in addition to its other types until end of turn.NEWLINE• Put two +1/+1 counters on target permanent.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nSoul-Synthesizer		cube	Artifact	302	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Soul-Synthesizer : Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a card with an activated ability from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		\nUnicorn of the Vale		cube	Artifact Creature – Unicorn 	305	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Unicorn of the Vale: Add three mana of any one color.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT: fluffydeathbringer2\nVolatile Stonework		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem 	306	C	1	HasteNEWLINEWhen Volatile Stonework enters, choose target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.NEWLINEWhen Volatile Stonework dies, it deals 4 damage to the chosen creature or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	MC25		!FT (1 line): Zangy\nVoyager's Ark		cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	307	C	6	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a token that’s a copy of another target nonlegendary creature that crewed Voyager’s Ark this turn. That token gains haste.NEWLINECrew 3	6/6		normal	MC25		\nWayfarer's Lantern		cube	Artifact 	308	C	2	T: Untap target basic land.			normal	MC25		!FT: gynoidpoet\nXueyang San		cube	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	309	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”NEWLINE1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one –NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	MC25		\nAmber Hills		cube	Land	310	C		As Amber Hills enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Amber Hills enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Amber Hills: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nAncestral Glade		cube	Land – Forest 	311	G		(T: Add G.)NEWLINEAs Ancestral Glade enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Ancestral Glade enters tapped.NEWLINEBasic lands you control have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		\nArctic Mine		cube	Land – Plains Swamp 	312	C		(T: Add W or B.)NEWLINEWhenever Arctic Mine becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nBarren Desolation		cube	Land	313	C		As Barren Desolation enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Barren Desolation enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Barren Desolation: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nBustling Marketplace		cube	Land	315	C		Bustling Marketplace can’t be sacrificed.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.NEWLINE0: Bustling Marketplace’s owner may draw a card. If they do, untap Bustling Marketplace and gain control of it until end of turn. Only your opponents may activate this ability and only once each turn during their turn.			normal	MC25		\nCity Gate		cube	Land	316	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice City Gate: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control that attacked this turn.			normal	MC25		!FT: Skagra\nCloudpeak Spires		cube	Land – Mountain 	317	R		(T: Add R.)NEWLINEAs Cloudpeak Spires enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Cloudpeak Spires enters tapped.NEWLINEBasic lands you control have “T: Add R.”			normal	MC25		\nCresting Bay		cube	Land	318	U		Cresting Bay enters tapped unless you control a basic Island.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINE2UU: Until end of turn, Cresting Bay becomes a 3/3 blue Elemental creature with “Whenever this creature attacks, you may draw a card then discard a card.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		\nCrumbling Precipice		cube	Land – Swamp Mountain 	319	C		(T: Add B or R.)NEWLINEWhenever Crumbling Precipice becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nCrystal Cavern		cube	Land – Island Mountain 	320	C		(T: Add U or R.)NEWLINEWhenever Crystal Cavern becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nEnchanting Palace		cube	Land	321	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEConcord – T: Create a Treasure token. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	MC25		\nFirehearth Halls		cube	Land	322	R		Firehearth Halls enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINERR: Firehearth Halls becomes a 1/1 red Dwarf Warrior creature with double strike until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		\nFlooded Morass		cube	Land – Island Swamp 	323	C		(T: Add U or B.)NEWLINEFlooded Morass enters tapped unless you control a basic Island or a basic Swamp.			normal	MC25		\nFloodwater Depths		cube	Land	324	C		As Floodwater Depths enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Floodwater Depths enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Floodwater Depths: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nFlourishing Crevasse		cube	Land – Mountain Forest 	325	C		(T: Add R or G.)NEWLINEFlourishing Crevasse enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain or a basic Forest.			normal	MC25		\nForgotten Steppe		cube	Land – Mountain Plains 	326	C		(T: Add R or W.)NEWLINEWhenever Forgotten Steppe becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nFrostfire Geysers		cube	Land – Island Mountain 	327	C		(T: Add U or R.)NEWLINEFrostfire Geysers enters tapped unless you control a basic Island or a basic Mountain.			normal	MC25		\nFungal Mire		cube	Land – Swamp Forest 	328	C		(T: Add B or G.)NEWLINEFungal Mire enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp or a basic Forest.			normal	MC25		\nGloomcover Steppe		cube	Land – Plains Swamp 	329	C		(T: Add W or B.)NEWLINEGloomcover Steppe enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains or a basic Swamp.			normal	MC25		\nGrim Bastion		cube	Land	330	C		As Grim Bastion enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Grim Bastion enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Grim Bastion: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nHeart of the Glade		cube	Land – Forest Plains 	331	C		(T: Add G or W.)NEWLINEHeart of the Glade enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest or a basic Plains.			normal	MC25		\nHeart of Zhedina		cube	Legendary Land	332	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEWanderlust – T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands. If you control seven or more, you may add three mana of that color instead.			normal	MC25		!designer pkchu\nLavatorn Fields		cube	Land – Swamp Mountain 	333	C		(T: Add B or R.)NEWLINELavatorn Fields enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp or a basic Mountain.			normal	MC25		\nLush Oasis		cube	Land – Forest Island 	334	C		(T: Add G or U.)NEWLINELush Oasis enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest or a basic Island.			normal	MC25		\nMagmatic Torrent		cube	Land	335	C		As Magmatic Torrent enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Magmatic Torrent enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Magmatic Torrent: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nMidnight Gate		cube	Land – Swamp 	336	B		(T: Add B.)NEWLINEAs Midnight Gate enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Midnight Gate enters tapped.NEWLINEBasic lands you control have “T: Add B.”			normal	MC25		\nMurmuring Falls		cube	Land – Island Swamp 	337	C		(T: Add U or B.)NEWLINEWhenever Murmuring Falls becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nMysterious Cataract		cube	Land	338	C		As Mysterious Cataract enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Mysterious Cataract enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Mysterious Cataract: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nNebula of Empty Gold		cube	Land	339	C		As Nebula of Empty Gold enters, choose two or three colors. You lose life equal to the number of colors chosen this way.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any of the chosen colors.			normal	MC25		\nNew Divide		cube	Land	340	C		As New Divide enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice New Divide: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nNomad's Township		cube	Land – Swamp Forest 	341	C		(T: Add B or G.)NEWLINEWhenever Nomad’s Township becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nOcean Monastery		cube	Land	342	C		As Ocean Monastery enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Ocean Monastery enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Ocean Monastery: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nPool of Light		cube	Land – Plains Island 	343	C		(T: Add W or U.)NEWLINEPool of Light enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains or a basic Island.			normal	MC25		\nRampant Summit		cube	Land – Mountain Forest 	344	C		(T: Add R or G.)NEWLINEWhenever Rampant Summit becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nResplendent Substratum		cube	Land – Forest Plains 	345	C		(T: Add G or W.)NEWLINEWhenever Resplendent Substratum becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nSeaside Grotto		cube	Land – Island 	346	U		(T: Add U.)NEWLINEAs Seaside Grotto enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Seaside Grotto enters tapped.NEWLINEBasic lands you control have “T: Add U.”			normal	MC25		\nSedate Tundra		cube	Land – Plains Island 	347	C		(T: Add W or U.)NEWLINEWhenever Sedate Tundra becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nSerene Chapel		cube	Land	348	W		Serene Chapel enters tapped unless you control a basic Plains.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINE1WW: Until end of turn, Serene Chapel becomes a 2/1 white Spirit Cleric creature with flying and “Whenever this creature attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		\nShardstone Rift		cube	Land	349	C		As Shardstone Rift enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Shardstone Rift enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shardstone Rift: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nShifting Glade		cube	Land – Forest Island 	350	C		(T: Add G or U.)NEWLINEWhenever Shifting Glade becomes tapped, you lose 1 life unless you control two or more basic lands.			normal	MC25		\nShikai's Redoubt		cube	Land	351	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEDiscard Shikai’s Redoubt: Exile up to two target cards from graveyards.			normal	MC25		!FT: Timespiraled\nSpiraling Canyon		cube	Land – Mountain Plains 	352	C		(T: Add R or W.)NEWLINESpiraling Canyon enters tapped unless you control a basic Mountain or a basic Plains.			normal	MC25		\nSunlit Highland		cube	Land	353	C		As Sunlit Highland enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Sunlit Highland enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Sunlit Highland: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nSunlit Meadow		cube	Land – Plains 	354	W		(T: Add W.)NEWLINEAs Sunlit Meadow enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Sunlit Meadow enters tapped.NEWLINEBasic lands you control have “T: Add W.”			normal	MC25		\nSunrise Orchard		cube	Land	355	C		Sunrise Orchard enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINEAs Sunrise Orchard enters, choose a color.NEWLINET: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	MC25		\nSwarming Midden		cube	Land	356	B		Swarming Midden enters tapped unless you control a basic Swamp.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINE1BB: Swarming Midden becomes a 2/3 black Rat creature with menace until end of turn. It’s still a land. Whenever it attacks this turn, create a 1/1 black Rat creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	MC25		\nTimber Range		cube	Land	357	C		As Timber Range enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, Timber Range enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Timber Range: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		!design Timespiraled\nTimeworn Crags		cube	Land	358	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE4, T, Sacrifice Timeworn Crags: Destroy target nonbasic land. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each nonbasic land you don’t control.			normal	MC25		\nWayfarer's Shrine		cube	Land	359	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nWise Old Oak		cube	Land	360	G		Wise Old Oak enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINE3GG: Until end of turn, Wise Old Oak becomes a 4/4 green Treefolk creature with “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.” It’s still a land.			normal	MC25		\nProfane Call	B	cube	Sorcery	144	B	1BB	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose life equal to its mana value.NEWLINE• Sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw two cards.NEWLINE• Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: aanginer\nHundred Years of Solitude	W	cube	Enchantment	34	W	W	Vanishing 3 (This permanent enters with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEWhen Hundred Years of Solitude enters, exile another target nonland permanent until Hundred Years of Solitude leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!Community: Chumbeque\nDivide the Imperial Arsenal	WR	cube	Enchantment	282	WR	1RW	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, choose up to that many –NEWLINE• Create a Weapon token and attach it to one of those creatures. (It’s an Equipment with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)NEWLINE• Add RW at the beginning of your next main phase.NEWLINE• Each player draws a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: CyberChronometer\nDevotee of the Boar	R	cube	Creature – Human Berserker 	171	R	R	Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEHasteNEWLINEWhenever you cast a creature spell, it gains bloodthirst 1. (Multiple instances of bloodthirst on a spell stack.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Dravos Argentium\nBitter Corvus	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Bird 	110	B	2BB	FlyingNEWLINEPersist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)NEWLINEWhen Bitter Corvus enters, you may reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is Bitter Corvus’ power. You may put up to one card revealed this way into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value. Put the rest into your graveyard. 	3/3		normal	MC25		!Community: Ducky\nBelly of the Beast	G	cube	Enchantment	213	G	GGG	Whenever a creature you control dies, you may search your library for a creature card with lesser mana value, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Do this only once during each of your turns.			normal	MC25		!Community: Epid\nAndroid Bodega		cube	Artifact	288	C	2	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE1, T, Discard a card: You gain 4 life.NEWLINE2, T, Pay 2 life: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token. It can’t block this turn.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice a permanent: Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: gynoidpoet\nAlmgrove Skydancer	W	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	7	W	2WW	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEYou may cast this card from your graveyard as long as you’re in a renaissance.	4/3		normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerzi\nLumbering Thoctar	U	cube	Creature – Beast 	82	U	4UU	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINETrampleNEWLINEWhenever Lumbering Thoctar becomes the target of a spell or ability, counter it. Then put a stun counter on Lumbering Thoctar.NEWLINEWhenever Lumbering Thoctar becomes untapped, draw a card.	6/6		normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerzi\nDigital Encores	U	cube	Sorcery	65	U	2UU	Draw two cards. Then if this spell wasn’t cast from your hand, create a Function token with “Compose.” (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)NEWLINECompose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3–You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: HerziQuerziNEWLINE!addtoken ComposeFunction;1\nValakut Hellkite	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	203	R	5RR	FlyingNEWLINEWard–Pay 3 life.NEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land you control enters, Valakut Hellkite deals 3 damage to any target.	6/6		adventure	MC25		Volcanic Rain	R	Sorcery – Adventure 	R	2R	Volcanic Rain deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of lands you control.				!Community: Mako\nFuel for the Fire	R	cube	Instant	181	R	1R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Fuel for the Fire deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates a tapped Treasure token. If a permanent dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.NEWLINE• Exile target artifact. Its controller creates a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!Community: Matt\nMechanus, Awakened Code		cube	Legendary Artifact Planeswalker – Mechanus 	298	C	3			[+1]: Add C. Spend this mana only to cast artifact or colorless spells.NEWLINE[0 ]: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINE[-2]: Look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or colorless card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.	planeswalker	MC25	4	!Community: Matt\nPact of the Moon	W	cube	Instant	43	W	1W	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Exile target player’s graveyard.NEWLINE• You gain 4 life.NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: Matt\nReckless Defiance	R	cube	Sorcery	198	R	1R	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Each opponent sacrifices an artifact.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample and haste until end of turn.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: Matt\nEtheria, Sublime One	WU	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Etheria 	257	WU	2WU			If a creature entering under you control causes an ability to trigger, you may pay -1. Whenever you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINE[+1]: Exile target creature. Return that card to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step. If you don’t control it, it enters with a stun counter.NEWLINE[-2]: Draw a card and gain 2 life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!Community: n3onblueNEWLINE!cajun should maybe retarget\nLiminality	U	cube	Instant	80	U	1UU	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Return target creature to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE• Return target spell to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE• Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: 7nix\nBig Damn Heroes	W	cube	Instant	17	W	4WW	Look at the top ten cards of your library. Put any number of legendary permanents with total mana value 6 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.NEWLINEFor each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of their loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)			normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak\nDeepweb Consultation	UB	cube	Sorcery	260	UB	UB	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.NEWLINECreate a Function token with “Draw a card if a player discarded a card this turn.” (It’s an enchantment. As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, sacrifice any number of Functions to add their effects to that spell.)			normal	MC25		!Community: PipsqueakNEWLINE!addtoken DeepwebFunction;1\nKrallenhorde Abomination	BG	cube	Creature – Werewolf Horror 	278	BG	2BG	MenaceNEWLINEWhen this creature dies, create two tapped 3/2 colorless Eldrazi creature tokens. Put a stun counter on one of them.	6/4		normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak\nUbitsa Forge		cube	Artifact	304	C	3	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE5, T, Discard a card: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.” It can’t block this turn.			normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak\nThunderous Avarice	RG	cube	Creature – Lizard Avatar Berserker 	267	RG	4RG	Vigilance, menace, trample, hasteNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell, you may consume. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Thunderous Avarice. (To consume, sacrifice another creature or exile a creature card from your graveyard.)NEWLINEWhenever an opponent casts a spell, they may consume. If they don’t, put a +1/+1 counter on Thunderous Avarice.	5/4		normal	MC25		!Community: PlasterMan\nEternal Journey	WB	cube	Sorcery	272	WB	WB	Return up to two target creature cards with total mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	MC25		!Community: PopcorniaNEWLINE!conflict\nBring to Harmony	UG	cube	Instant	283	UG	GU	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.NEWLINE• Return target creature to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE• Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!Community: Purplemurasaki\nCentury Genius	UR	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	274	UR	1UR	Prowess, prowess, prowessNEWLINENoncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Purplemurasaki\nTech Chaser		cube	Artifact Creature – Drone 	303	C	2	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhen Tech Chaser enters, exile the top three cards of target opponent’s library. NEWLINEWhenever Tech Chaser deals combat damage to an opponent, you may cast a card exiled with it, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast it.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Purplemurasaki\nDirty Cleanup	B	cube	Sorcery	123	B	1BB	Casualty 1 (As you cast this spell, you may sacrifice a creature with power 1 or greater. When you do, copy this spell.)NEWLINEAll creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn			normal	MC25		!Community: RickyRister\nExhaustive Harvest	G	cube	Sorcery	220	G	1G	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE• You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.NEWLINE• You gain 4 life.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Community: Scribbl\nAjani, Caller of the Hosts	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Ajani 	268	WG	2GW			[0]: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target creature. Create a battle token with three defense and “When this battle leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.” You’re protecting it.NEWLINE[-5]: Create two 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature tokens, then put two +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!Community: Splashcat\nMother of Monsters	G	cube	Creature – Chimera 	229	G	4GG	Codex – Leyran Alpha, Fungal Whomper, Plated Crusher, Towering Hydraffe, The Terror of Shady Cove. (As this enters, conjure its contents into a shuffled face-up additional library.)NEWLINEWhen Mother of Monsters enters, you gain 6 life.NEWLINEWhen Mother of Monsters dies, draw a card.	6/6		normal	MC25		!Community: Splashcat\nQulai, Orchard Guardian	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	48	W	2W	Attacking creatures you control have first strike.NEWLINEWhenever Qulai, Orchard Guardian attacks or becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, conjure a card named Fox of the Orange Orchard into your hand. (It’s a 1W 3/1 Fox Spirit creature.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Splashcat\nJoys and Burdens Shared	R	cube	Enchantment	185	R	4RR	Once each turn for each card type, when you cast a spell with that type, you may copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy. If it’s a permanent spell, the copy gains haste and “At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this permanent.”NEWLINEWhenever a permanent you control dies, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	MC25		!Community: TEST\nDimensional Denial	U	cube	Instant	67	U	1UU	Counter target spell.NEWLINEIf you countered a spell with mana value 2 or less this way, manifest dread. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into your graveyard. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)			normal	MC25		!Community: Trewq\nInquisitive Tracker	G	cube	Creature – Badger Druid 	223	G	G	Graft 1 (This creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever another creature enters, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)NEWLINET: Add C.	0/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Zangy\nKaratuy, Privileged Son	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warlock 	133	B	1B	Whenever a player discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Karatuy.NEWLINEWhen a player has no cards in hand, Karatuy becomes a Demon and gains flying and lifelink. This ability triggers only once.NEWLINEDemoncycling 1BB (1BB, Discard this card: Search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Community: Zangy\nMarilye, Everplundering	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Elf Rogue 	84	U	2U	Deception 1U  (1U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)NEWLINEWhenever Marilye deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for an artifact card with mana value less than or equal to the amount of damage that player has been dealt this turn, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	2/3		normal	MC25		!Community: Zangy\nSinner's Solace	B	cube	Sorcery	151	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. Exile that card. If a land card is exiled this way, its owner may conjure a card named Plains, Island, Swamp, Mountain, or Forest on top of their library.			normal	MC25		!Community: Timespiraled\nOgura, Contracted Rebel	BR	cube	Legendary Creature – Wolf Spirit Rebel 	263	BR	BR	First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Ogura, Contracted Rebel attacks, you may create a token that’s a copy of another attacking creature with power less than or equal to Ogura’s. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of your next end step.NEWLINER: Ogura gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		!Community: Silverparabellum\nBlossoming Verge		cube	Land	314	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T: Draw a card. Spend only mana produced by basic lands to activate this ability.			normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak\nMuse of Summer Revelry	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Faerie God 	230	G	2GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Muse of Summer Revelry enters or you cast a spell with power 4 or greater, choose one –NEWLINE• You gain 3 life.NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.NEWLINE• Draw a card.	4/3		normal	MC25		!Community: Pipsqueak\nBound by Nature	G	cube	Enchantment	361	G	XXGG	Bound by Nature enters with X nature counters on it.NEWLINEYou can’t cast nonpermanent spells.NEWLINECreatures you control get +1/+1 for each nature counter on Bound by Nature and have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		\nLian Taizi, Bountiful Earth	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	362	G	5GG	TrampleNEWLINELian Taizi gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.NEWLINEWhen Lian Taizi enters, return any number of target cards with different mana values from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nIntrepid		cube	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	363	C	3	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Intrepid enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEWanderlust – 0: Intrepid becomes an artifact creature until end of turn. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nPaladin's Attendant	W	cube	Creature – Human Soldier 	6	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEWhenever Paladin’s Attendant encourages a creature, that creature gains first strike until end of turn.	1/1		normal	MYSTERY		1\nAnzen, Beyond the Sea		cube	Legendary Land	43	C		Each land is an Island in addition to its other land types.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nFlood of Information	U	cube	Sorcery	9	U	4U	Return all creatures with toughness 3 or less to their owners’ hands.NEWLINEInvestigate three times. (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MYSTERY		1\nHao'Tai, the Reverent	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	22	R	3RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Hao’Tai deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top five cards of their library and separates them into two piles. Put an ember counter on each card in the pile of your choice. You may play cards from exile with ember counters for as long as they remain exiled.	5/5		normal	MYSTERY		1\nChaos Is Your Redemption	UR	cube	Instant	33	UR	1UR	Search your library for three differently named noncreature, nonland cards with mana value 3 or less not named Chaos Is Your Redemption and exile them, then shuffle. If you exile three cards this way, cast one at random without paying its mana cost. Then shuffle the rest into your library.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nSlaffield Workgate	W	cube	Enchantment	7	W	W	Whenever Slaffield Workgate or another enchantment you control enters, create a 0/2 white Ox creature token.NEWLINE3W: Return another target enchantment you control to its owner’s hand.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nGriffin Country	U	cube	Enchantment	11	U	1U	Griffin Country enters with a feather counter on it.NEWLINECreatures with flying you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEU, Remove a feather counter from Griffin Country: Put a flying counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE2U, Remove a feather counter from Griffin Country: Search your library for a creature card with flying, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nJobiah, Devoted Farmer	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Goat Farmer 	30	G	3G	When Jobiah, Devoted Farmer enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if you control six or more lands with different names, you may transform Jobiah.	2/2		transform double faced	MYSTERY		Jobiah the World-Shepherd	G	Legendary Creature – God 	G		IndestructibleNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may untap target land you control. If you do, that land becomes an X/X green Beast creature with haste until end of turn, where X is the number of differently named lands you control. It’s still a land.	3/3			1\nArchaezus, Dark Salvation	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	14	B	5BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment you control.NEWLINEFlying, lifelink, trampleNEWLINEDisturb 6BB. That spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment you control. (You may cast this card from your graveyard transformed for its disturb cost.)	6/6		transform double faced	MYSTERY		Enrapturing Grudge	B	Legendary Enchantment – Aura Curse 	B		Enchant opponentNEWLINEAt the beginning of enchanted player’s upkeep, they choose one that hasn’t been chosen yet –NEWLINE• They discard three cards.NEWLINE• They sacrifice three nonland permanents.NEWLINE• You transform Enrapturing Grudge.NEWLINEIf Enrapturing Grudge would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.				1\nCareless Violence	R	cube	Sorcery	21	R	RR	Careless Violence deals 2 damage to each creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nChratteri Restoration	G	cube	Sorcery	28	G	2GG	Each player gains 4 life and returns all land cards from their graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nShredder of Barricades	R	cube	Creature – Werewolf 	25	R	1RR	HasteNEWLINEEach creature with toughness greater than its power can’t block.	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		1\nGambling Table		cube	Artifact	38	G	3	At the beginning of your upkeep, you win the game if the total mana value of permanents you control is exactly 21. If it’s more than 21, sacrifice Gambling Table and all Card tokens you control. Otherwise, create a colorless Card artifact token with mana cost 2 and “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”			normal	MYSTERY		1\nInquisitor's Chamber		cube	Land	47	B		Inquisitor’s Chamber enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINEBB, T, Sacrifice another permanent: Draw a card.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nBai Long Ma, Fabled Innocence	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Dragon Spirit 	2	W	2W		1/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINE1W: DemigodNEWLINEReturn up to one target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINE3W: GodNEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with the least power among creatures you control.	class	MYSTERY		1\nMessenger of the Heavens	U	cube	Creature – Bird Monk 	12	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Messenger of the Heavens enters, surveil 1.NEWLINEWhenever Messenger of the Heavens deals combat damage to a player, exile any number of target creatures in its pack, then return them to the battlefield under your control.	1/2		normal	MYSTERY		1\nAelwen, Crimson Battleguard	WBR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Knight 	37	WBR	1R/WB	First strike, menaceNEWLINEMelee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of each combat, you may pay 1. When you do, another target creature gains melee until end of turn. (If a creature has multiple instances of melee, each triggers separately.)	2/2		normal	MYSTERY		1\nYi Cang, Thief of Blessings		cube	Legendary Creature – Shapeshifter Monk 	1	C	1	Yi Cang, Thief of Blessings enters with a +1/+1 counter on them.NEWLINE1: Yi Cang becomes a copy of target creature in their pack, except their name is Yi Cang, Thief of Blessings, they’re legendary in addition to their other types, and they have this ability.	0/0		normal	MYSTERY		1\nIsochron Wand		cube	Artifact	39	C	3	As Isochron Wand enters, you may exile an instant or sorcery card with mana value 1 from your hand.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may copy the exiled card. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost if the spell’s mana value is 1.			normal	MYSTERY		1\nCave of Pleonexia		cube	Land	44	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Cave of Pleonexia: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that player each create a Treasure token. Activate only as a sorcery and only if that land’s controller controls four or more lands. (A Treasure token is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	MYSTERY		1\nIrticull's Vanguard	W	cube	Creature – Human Monk 	3	W	WWW	When Irticull’s Vanguard enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Irticull’s Vanguard leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEReprocess 1WWW (Cast a copy of this from your graveyard by exiling it and paying 1WWW. Spend only mana from differently named sources this way.)	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		2\nIvenge, False God	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Ivenge 	4	W	2WW	Exile up to one target nonland permanent unless its controller pays 1.NEWLINEExile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. Its controller adds WW. Until the end of that player’s next turn, they don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.NEWLINEExile all permanents your opponents control. For each permanent exiled this way, its controller creates a colorless Plains basic land token.		Tap an untapped creature you control: Put a loyalty counter on Ivenge, False God. Activate only once each turn.NEWLINE[+1]: Exile up to one target non-Plains permanent. At the beginning of that card’s owner’s next upkeep, return it to the battlefield under their control.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. They create a colorless Plains basic land token. (It has “T: Add W.”)NEWLINE[-10]: Exile all permanents your opponents control. For each permanent exiled this way, its controller creates a colorless Plains basic land token.	planeswalker	MYSTERY	3	2\nMoonlight Sanctum	W	cube	Enchantment	5	W	2W	As Moonlight Sanctum enters, choose Waxing or Waning.NEWLINE• Waxing – At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life for each enchantment you control.NEWLINE• Waning – Nonenchantment spells cost 1 more to cast.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nDiscoveries Worth Forgetting	U	cube	Instant	8	U	3UU	Search your library for up to thirteen cards, exile them, then shuffle.NEWLINEDraw three cards.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nUnion Rail Strikebreaker	U	cube	Creature – Human Artificer 	13	U	1U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.	1/1		normal	MYSTERY		2\nGodwatcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	10	U	2UU	When Godwatcher enters, search any player’s library for a creature card, exile it, then they shuffle their library.NEWLINEWhen Godwatcher dies, put the exiled card onto the battlefield under your control.	1/4		normal	MYSTERY		2\nVillainy	B	cube	Enchantment	17	B	BBB	Whenever one or more creatures die for the first time each turn, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a black noncreature spell, Villainy deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nKarmic Exorcism	B	cube	Sorcery	15	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card revealed this way. That player discards that card.NEWLINEYou lose 2 life and create a 2/1 black Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	MYSTERY		2\nWarden of Distortion	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Nightmare Dragon 	18	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEIf Warden of Distortion would die, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, Warden of Distortion becomes a copy of that creature, except it’s a 4/4 Nightmare Dragon and it has flying and this ability. It gains indestructible until end of turn. 	4/4		normal	MYSTERY		2\nLife's Work	R	cube	Enchantment	24	R	1R	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a brush counter on Life’s Work, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a card with mana value greater than or equal to the number of brush counters on Life’s Work, then put that card into your hand.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nBloodstained Calamity	R	cube	Sorcery	20	R	XRR	Align X (Choose modes with total V less than or equal to X. You may choose modes multiple times.)NEWLINE• V – Bloodstained Calamity deals 1 damage to each creature, player, and planeswalker.NEWLINE• VV – Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Bloodstained Calamity.NEWLINE• VVVVV– Bloodstained Calamity deals 10 damage to any target.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nInversion of Flesh	R	cube	Sorcery	23	R	4R	Inversion of Flesh deals 5 damage to each creature and each planeswalker, and 5 damage to each player with the highest life total or tied for highest life total among players.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nBrutality	G	cube	Enchantment	27	G	GGG	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment that player controls.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a green creature spell, create a 3/3 green Wurm creature token with trample.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nAbominable Mongrel	G	cube	Creature – Hound Dog Horror 	26	G	1G	Heretic (Whenever you cast a spell that doesn’t share a color with this creature, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINEDiscard a card: Abominable Mongrel gets +1/+1 and becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MYSTERY		2\nReclamation Grovesculptor	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid 	31	G	3GG	Whenever Reclamation Grovesculptor enters or attacks, put a growth counter on target noncreature permanent. It becomes a colorless Forest land and loses all other card types and land types.	5/5		normal	MYSTERY		2\nShadowbinder Touka	UBR	cube	Legendary Creature – Avatar 	35	UBR	UBR	When Shadowbinder Touka enters or attacks, exile up to one target creature card from a graveyard.NEWLINEYou may play creature cards exiled with Touka.NEWLINESacrifice another creature: Add two mana in any combination of colors. You can’t spend this mana to cast spells from your hand. If this mana is spent to cast a creature spell, that creature enters with a finality counter on it.	2/3		normal	MYSTERY		2\nGeetha, Glass-Shaper	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Elf Artificer 	34	UR	UR	1UR, T: Create a token that’s a copy of another target creature, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types and has “Whenever this creature is dealt damage, destroy it.”	1/3		normal	MYSTERY		2\nShi Hou, the Sun King	BR	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Monk 	32	BR	1BR		3/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWard–Discard a card.NEWLINEBR: DemigodNEWLINEDraw a card, then discard a card. You may have each opponent sacrifice a nonland permanent with the same mana value as the discarded card.NEWLINE4BR: GodNEWLINECreate two tokens that are copies of Shi Hou’s back face.	transform double faced	MYSTERY		Sun King's Shadow	BR	Planeswalker – Hou 	BR				[+1]: Each opponent loses 1 life for each card you’ve drawn this turn. Then you draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Shi Hou, the Sun King deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain 2 life. If that permanent was already dealt damage this turn, destroy it.NEWLINE	5	2\nMindwave Rod		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	40	C	2	When Mindwave Rod enters, attach it to target creature you control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MYSTERY		2\nXenocrata's Fleet		cube	Artifact	42	C	3	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may have Xenocrata’s Fleet become a 4/4 Ship artifact creature with haste until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever Xenocrata’s Fleet deals combat damage to an opponent, create that many 1/1 red Warrior creature tokens.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nShining Crusader		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct Knight 	41	C	3	Shining Crusader has protection from all colors as long as you control no colored permanents.	3/2		normal	MYSTERY		2\nDerelict Town		cube	Land	46	C		T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEWhen you tap Derelict Town for mana, return it to its owner’s hand.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nDefect's Precinct		cube	Land	45	WURG		T: Add C.NEWLINE3R: Until end of turn, Defect’s Precinct becomes a 3/3 creature. It’s still a land. It has trample if G was spent to activate this ability, has vigilance if W was spent, and has hexproof if U was spent.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nMosecf, the Sunseeker's Path		cube	Legendary Land – Plains 	48	C		Mosecf, the Sunseeker’s Path enters tapped.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks, put a creation counter on Mosecf.NEWLINET, Remove ten creation counters from Mosecf and sacrifice it: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	MYSTERY		2\nYri, the Daring Blade	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Rogue 	19	B	B	Whenever Yri, the Daring Blade and exactly one other creature attack, Yri and that creature can’t be blocked by creatures with mana value 3 or less this turn. 	2/1		normal	MYSTERY		3\nHeartwalker	G	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	29	G	1G	Creature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/3		normal	MYSTERY		3\nProfane Emissary	B	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	16	B	BB	Profane Emissary gets +2/+2 and has lifelink as long as you control a Demon.NEWLINEIf you would draw a card, you may instead search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose life equal to that card’s mana value.	2/2		normal	MYSTERY		3\nThe Tale of Kings	WUBRG	cube	Sorcery	36	WUBRG	1WUBRG	For each legendary permanent you control, this spell costs one mana of one of that permanent’s colors less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.NEWLINEFor each color, create a token that’s a copy of a different legendary permanent you control of that color, except the token isn’t legendary.NEWLINEExile The Tale of Kings.			normal	MYSTERY		3\nShiftscape Canyon		cube	Land	435	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shiftscape Canyon: Choose a basic land type other than Plains. Create a colorless land token that’s a Plains and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		\nShiftscape Cascade		cube	Land	436	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shiftscape Cascade: Choose a basic land type other than Island. Create a colorless land token that’s an Island and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		\nShiftscape Crag		cube	Land	437	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shiftscape Crag: Choose a basic land type other than Mountain. Create a colorless land token that’s a Mountain and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		\nShiftscape Grove		cube	Land	438	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shiftscape Grove: Choose a basic land type other than Forest. Create a colorless land token that’s a Forest and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		\nShiftscape Morass		cube	Land	439	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Shiftscape Morass: Choose a basic land type other than Swamp. Create a colorless land token that’s a Swamp and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		\nAngelic Barracks		cube	Land	396	WUR		As Angelic Barracks enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add U, R, or W.			normal	MC25		\nCitadel Gates		cube	Land	404	BRG		As Citadel Gates enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add B, R, or G.			normal	MC25		\nCoveted Tower		cube	Land	406	URG		As Coveted Tower enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add G, U, or R.			normal	MC25		\nDen of Vice		cube	Land	407	UBR		As Den of Vice enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add U, B, or R.			normal	MC25		\nDestroyed Isle		cube	Land	409	WUB		As Destroyed Isle enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add W, U, or B.			normal	MC25		\nPristine Chapel		cube	Land	429	WBG		As Pristine Chapel enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add W, B, or G.			normal	MC25		\nReborn Altar		cube	Land	431	WBR		As Reborn Altar enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add R, W, or B.			normal	MC25		\nSturdy Outpost		cube	Land	442	WUG		As Sturdy Outpost enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add G, W, or U.			normal	MC25		\nSunflower Fields		cube	Land	443	WRG		As Sunflower Fields enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add R, G, or W.			normal	MC25		\nTree of Timelines		cube	Land	445	UBG		As Tree of Timelines enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add B, G, or U.			normal	MC25		\nFormless Eidolon		cube	Creature – Spirit Horror 	3	C	5	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEWhen Formless Eidolon enters, create a tapped token that’s a copy of target land you control.NEWLINEEvoke 3 (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	4/3		normal	MC25		\nIntrepid		cube	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	379	C	3	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Intrepid enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEWanderlust – 0: Intrepid becomes an artifact creature until end of turn. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nMutalithic Golem		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem Shapeshifter 	383	C	3	You may have Mutalithic Golem enter as a copy of any land on the battlefield, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nMorphic Verge		cube	Land	423	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T, Sacrifice Morphic Verge: Choose two different basic land types. Create a colorless land token that’s the chosen types.			normal	MC25		\nZareen's Pariah		cube	Creature – Djinn Shaman 	6	WUBRG	6	Zareen’s Pariah is all colors.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEDuring each of your turns, you may cast a spell of each color from your graveyard.	5/4		normal	MC25		\nElemental Essence		cube	Artifact	367	C	4	T: Add C and one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		\nGilded Guardian		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	371	C	4	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Gilded Guardian dies, you may search your library for a legendary card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	MC25		\nGreater Masticore		cube	Artifact Creature – Masticore 	374	C	6	At the beginning of your upkeep, discard your hand.NEWLINE2: Greater Masticore deals 1 damage to each other creature.NEWLINE6, Exile six other cards from your graveyard: Return Greater Masticore from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nHaunted Heirloom		cube	Artifact Creature – Spirit Knight 	375	C	2	When Haunted Heirloom dies, create a Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nHeartless Army		cube	Artifact Creature – Soldier Army 	377	C	3	If one or more counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nSword of Rags and Riches		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	389	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from mana value 2 or less and from mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Food token and two Treasure tokens.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MC25		\nXedrios, Progenitor Wyrm		cube	Legendary Artifact Creature – Dragon 	395	WUBRG	6	FlyingNEWLINE2: Copy target activated or triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINEWUBRG: Search your library for a card, exile it, then shuffle. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nBustling Marketplace		cube	Land	400	C		Bustling Marketplace can’t be sacrificed.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.NEWLINE0: Bustling Marketplace’s owner may draw a card. If they do, untap Bustling Marketplace and gain control of it until end of turn. Only your opponents may activate this ability and only once each turn during their turn.			normal	MC25		\nCave of Pleonexia		cube	Land	401	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Cave of Pleonexia: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that player each create a Treasure token. Activate only as a sorcery and only if that land’s controller controls four or more lands.			normal	MC25		\nChamber of Splendor		cube	Land	402	C		Chamber of Splendor enters tapped.NEWLINEWhen Chamber of Splendor enters, you may pay 1. If you do, create a Treasure token.NEWLINET: Add C.			normal	MC25		\nNebula of Empty Gold		cube	Land	424	C		As Nebula of Empty Gold enters, choose two or three colors. You lose life equal to the number of colors chosen this way.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any of the chosen colors.			normal	MC25		\nNew Divide		cube	Land	425	C		As New Divide enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice New Divide: Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nWondrous Bazaar		cube	Land	449	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T: Create a Treasure token.			normal	MC25		\nConcordant Palace		cube	Land	405	WG		T: Add G or W. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nEidolic Palace		cube	Land	410	WB		T: Add W or B. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nEminent Palace		cube	Land	411	WU		T: Add W or U. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nForbidden Palace		cube	Land	413	BR		T: Add B or R. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nForsaken Palace		cube	Land	414	BG		T: Add B or G. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nMontane Palace		cube	Land	422	RG		T: Add R or G. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nOminous Palace		cube	Land	426	UB		T: Add U or B. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nOpalescent Palace		cube	Land	427	UR		T: Add U or R. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nRadiant Palace		cube	Land	430	WR		T: Add R or W. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nSerene Palace		cube	Land	434	UG		T: Add G or U. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		\nAutumnal Boscage		cube	Land	397	RG		Autumnal Boscage enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	MC25		\nMolten Mire		cube	Land	421	BR		Molten Mire enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	MC25		\nSplendid Scenery		cube	Land	441	WG		Splendid Scenery enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	MC25		\nWaterfront Market		cube	Land	446	WU		Waterfront Market enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	MC25		\nWhispering Canal		cube	Land	448	UB		Whispering Canal enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	MC25		\nBasin Fortress		cube	Land	398	BG		Basin Fortress enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add B or G.			normal	MC25		\nBoneyard Pass		cube	Land	399	WB		Boneyard Pass enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add W or B.			normal	MC25		\nFrostpoint Caldera		cube	Land	415	UR		Frostpoint Caldera enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add U or R.			normal	MC25		\nSpinerock Canyon		cube	Land	440	WR		Spinerock Canyon enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add R or W.			normal	MC25		\nThawing Valley		cube	Land	444	UG		Thawing Valley enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET: Add G or U.			normal	MC25		\nChromatic Lantern		cube	Artifact	364	C	3	Lands you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		\nSword of Silver and Gold		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	390	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from colorless and from multicolored. This effect doesn’t remove Sword of Silver and Gold.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you create a 2/2 colorless Spirit creature token and that player exiles the top three cards of their library.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MC25		\nImperial Port		cube	Land	419	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, Discard Imperial Port: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nAdrift into Endless Stories	WUG	cube	Enchantment	306	WUG	GWU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player or noncreature permanent, draw a card if it had a counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	MC25		\nAminatou, Justicar	WUB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Aminatou 	307	WUB	1WUB	Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard. Create a 1/1 white Insect creature token with flying.		[+1]: Scry 2. Create a 1/1 black Insect creature token with flying.NEWLINE[-2]: Judge each creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)NEWLINE[-8]: For each card type, search your library and graveyard for a card of that type and exile it, then shuffle. You may play any number of cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs.	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nAngel of Infinite Faces	WUG	cube	Creature – Angel Shaman 	308	WUG	1GWU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a multicolored spell, create a 3/3 white Angel creature token with flying.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nCall of the Huma	WUR	cube	Instant	314	WUR	1URW	Return up to one target noncreature, nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINECall of the Huma deals 4 damage to any target.NEWLINEExile Call of the Huma.			normal	MC25		\nChampion of Foibles	BRG	cube	Creature – Azra Wizard 	315	BRG	BRG	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Champion of Foibles becomes a Demon with base power and toughness 6/6, flying, and trample until end of turn.NEWLINE3B: Judge target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	3/3		normal	MC25		\nChampion of Ideals	WUG	cube	Creature – Nephilim Warrior 	316	WUG	GWU	As long as Champion of Ideals has one or more +1/+1 counters on it, it’s an Angel with base power and toughness 4/4, flying, vigilance, and lifelink.NEWLINE3G: Judge target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	3/3		normal	MC25		\nChosen of Aminatou	WUB	cube	Creature – Angel Wizard 	317	WUB	2WUB	FlashNEWLINEFlying, lifelink, deathtouchNEWLINEWhen Chosen of Aminatou enters, scry 2, then draw a card.	3/4		normal	MC25		\nGuardian of the Devout	WBR	cube	Creature – Angel Cleric 	322	WBR	3RWB	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Guardian of the Devout attacks or blocks, other creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nMaaru, Tomb Guardian	BRG	cube	Legendary Creature – Snake 	325	BRG	3BRG	When Maaru, Tomb Guardian enters, create three Treasure tokens.NEWLINEEach Treasure you control is an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of Treasures you control.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nNakia, Infinity Seer	WUR	cube	Legendary Creature – Angel Cleric 	329	WUR	2URW	FlyingNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, scry X, you gain X life, and Nakia, Infinity Seer deals X damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of noncreature spells you’ve cast this turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nUnruly Magus	UBR	cube	Creature – Azra Rogue Wizard 	344	UBR	UBR	HasteNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEWhenever Unruly Magus deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nYa'Ling, the Rune-Drake	WUG	cube	Legendary Creature – Drake 	346	WUG	1GWU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever another creature you control enters, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever you put a +1/+1 counter on Ya’Ling, put a +1/+1 on each other creature you control. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nOrlesia, First of the Sen	WUB	cube	Legendary Artifact Creature – Wizard 	331	WUB	WUB	Your opponents play with the top card of their library revealed.NEWLINEYour opponents can’t cast spells during your turn.NEWLINEYou may play lands and cast spells from the top of an opponent’s library during your turn.	1/3		normal	MC25		\nDayang's Displeasure	WUB	cube	Instant	319	WUB	WUB	Choose two or four –NEWLINE• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE• Each player sacrifices a creature.NEWLINE• Each player sacrifices a noncreature, nonland permanent.NEWLINE• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		\nArcanist's Reaver	UBR	cube	Creature – Zombie Beast 	310	UBR	UBR	If you casting a noncreature spell causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nNefarox, Strifelord	UBR	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	330	UBR	2UBR	FlyingNEWLINE1U, Exile an instant card from your graveyard: Draw a card.NEWLINE1B, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.NEWLINE1R, Exile a sorcery card from your graveyard: Nefarox, Strifelord deals 3 damage to each opponent.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nTumultipede	BRG	cube	Creature – Insect 	342	BRG	2BRG	At the beginning of your end step, draw a card if a creature died this turn. Then Tumultipede deals 2 damage to each opponent if two or more creatures died this turn. Then create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens if three or more creatures died this turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nAntali Archdruid	WRG	cube	Creature – Cat Druid 	309	WRG	RGW	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINEWhenever Antali Archdruid attacks, if two or more lands you control entered this turn, Antali Archdruid deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nSoulwrought Songster	UBR	cube	Creature – Demon Horror 	338	UBR	2UBR	Prowess, trampleNEWLINEDuring your turn, each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard has flashback. The flashback cost is equal to that card’s mana cost plus “Pay X life, where X is this card’s mana value.”	4/4		normal	MC25		\nInciter of Spirits Scorned	BRG	cube	Creature – Goat Shaman 	361	BRG	2R/GB	HasteNEWLINEWhen Inciter of Spirits Scorned enters, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	3/2		normal	MC25		Jund\nBreyga, Frontier Expert	WRG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Scout 	358	WRG	1R/WG	If you would draw a card, you may instead choose creature or land and exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards exiled this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/3		normal	MC25		Naya\nSatyr Celebrant	WRG	cube	Creature – Satyr Shaman 	337	WRG	2RGW	Other creatures you control that entered this turn have haste and lifelink.NEWLINET: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nSalim and Certo	WRG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Salim Certo 	336	WRG	1RGW			[+2]: Exile the top two cards of your library. You may put a permanent card from among them into your hand.NEWLINE[-3]: Create Salim, a legendary 3/3 green and white Cat creature token with vigilance, trample, and indestructible.NEWLINE[-3]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a creature you control enters, that creature gets +2/+2 and gains haste until end of turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	\nCalenfyr	WBG	cube	Legendary Creature – Dryad Avatar 	359	WBG	2G/WB	DeathtouchNEWLINEOnce each turn, when another nontoken creature you control enters, you may sacrifice it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a green Dryad in addition to its other types.	3/4		normal	MC25		Abzan\nStreets of Mustasheen	WBG	cube	Enchantment	339	WBG	1WBG	At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature or enchantment card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature or enchantment. If you do, draw a card.			normal	MC25		\nRain Zai, Spiritscale	WBG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Rain 	333	WBG	WBG	Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard. Create a 1/1 green Spirit Snake creature token with deathtouch.NEWLINEYou may sacrifice a Spirit. When you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEExile target nonland permanent until Rain Zai, Spiritscale leaves the battlefield. You gain 2 life.		[+1]: Mill two cards. Create a 1/1 green Spirit Snake creature token.NEWLINE[0]: You may sacrifice a Spirit. When you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile another target nonland permanent until Rain Zai leaves the battlefield. You gain 2 life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nMortal Benediction	WBG	cube	Sorcery	362	WBG	W/BG	Choose up to one target land card and up to one target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. Return one to the battlefield and the rest to your hand.			normal	MC25		Abzan\nA Recipe for Disaster	UBG	cube	Enchantment – Saga 	334	UBG	1BGU			NEWLINEMill four cards. NEWLINEReturn target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEReturn target creature or non-Saga enchantment card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEYou may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard without paying it mana cost	saga	MC25		\nEryth, Mire Dredger	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature – Hag Warlock 	360	UBG	3U/BG	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put each card in your graveyard on the bottom of your library in a random order, then mill six cards.NEWLINEDuring each of your turns, you may play a land and cast a permanent spell from your graveyard.	3/4		normal	MC25		Sultai\nDali, the Eyes of Danaj	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature – Sphinx Noble 	318	UBG	3BGU	Flying, ward 3NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from your hand, you may exile target card that shares a type with it from a graveyard. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nIneptitude	URG	cube	Legendary Creature – Horror Incarnation 	324	URG	2GUR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Ineptitude enters, untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. Put three stun counters on that creature. It gets +3/+3 and gains haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nMia, Into the Unknown	URG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	327	URG	GUR	Whenever a land you control enters, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)NEWLINE10: Shuffle any number of other permanents you control into their owner’s library. Mill that many cards. Put all permanents cards milled this way onto the battlefield. Activate only during your turn and only once each turn.	1/3		normal	MC25		\nMain Role Maiden	URG	cube	Creature – Construct Noble 	326	URG	GUR	Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, create a Treasure token. If that spell’s mana value is 6 or greater, draw a card. If that spell’s mana value is 8 or greater, Main Role Maiden deals 4 damage to each creature and planeswalker you don’t control.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nOver the Moon	URG	cube	Enchantment – Saga 	332	URG	GUR			NEWLINEOver the Moon deals 4 damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEUntil end of turn, spells you cast with mana value 4 or greater cost 1 less to cast and can’t be countered.	saga	MC25		\nHost of the Celebration	WUR	cube	Creature – Horror 	323	WUR	URW	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, any number of target creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control deals an amount of combat damage exactly equal to its mana value to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nThe Ardent Prodigy	WUR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	311	WUR	URW	Haste, prowessNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, journey. (To journey, exile the top card of your library face up. Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, put a journeyed card you own into your hand.)	2/3		normal	MC25		\nA Bond that Spans Planes	WBR	cube	Enchantment – Saga 	312	WBR	1RWB			NEWLINEReturn up to X target creature cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of lore counters on A Bond that Spans Planes.	saga	MC25		\nUpdraft Dancer	WBR	cube	Creature – Human 	345	WBR	2RWB	At the beginning of each combat, harmonize twice. (To harmonize, trigger up to one harmony of a permanent you control.)NEWLINEHarmony – Target creature gets +1/+1 and your choice of flying, haste, or vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nBrandy Axel, Combat's Baby	WBR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Soldier 	313	WBR	RWB	Whenever you attack or cast a multicolored spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Brandy Axel.NEWLINEIf Brandy Axel would be destroyed, remove a +1/+1 counter from her. If you do, instead remove all damage from her and she deals 2 damage to each opponent.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nEmperor Dan Te Mogui	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	320	UBG	BGU	Inspired – Whenever Emperor Dan Te Mogui becomes untapped, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard, one on the bottom of your library, and one on top.NEWLINEWhen Emperor Dan Te Mogui dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nPower Plant		cube	Land	428	C		T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a multicolored spell.			normal	MC25		\nContemplate the Cosmos	WU	cube	Instant	259	WU	2WU	Scry 2, then draw two cards. You gain 2 life.NEWLINEMonument 2WU (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Orrey of the Cosmos	WU	Artifact – Monument 	WU		At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1, then you gain 1 life.				!WUB Control\nFight for Succession	WB	cube	Instant	281	WB	2WB	Destroy target nonland permanent.NEWLINEMonument WB (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Chalice of Fallen Foes	WB	Artifact – Monument 	WB		At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.				!WUB Control\nSalome	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Salome 	265	UB	4UB			Whenever you cast your second spell during each of your turns, you may activate one of Salome’s loyalty abilities.NEWLINE[+1]: Draw a card. Untap up to two lands.NEWLINE[-4]: Destroy all creatures.NEWLINE[-8]: You get an emblem with “You may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for the second spell you cast each turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!WUB Control\nEsmerie, Skysworn General	WU	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Knight 	261	WU	WU	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEEmbattled creatures you control have ward 1.  (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on one of those creatures.	2/2		normal	MC25		!GWU Counters\nNozar, Dunesea Merchant	UG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Merchant 	304	UG	GU	If another creature with a +1/+1 counter on it you control would die, instead remove a counter from it. If you do, it phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!GWU Counters\nAjani Resolute	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Ajani 	277	WG	2GW	sNEWLINEsNEWLINEs		[+1]: Distribute two +1/+1 counters among up to two target creatures. You gain 2 life.NEWLINE[-1]: Create a 2/2 green Cat Warrior creature token.NEWLINE[-3]: Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-7]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +X/+X, where X is your life total.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!GWU Counters\nBitter Duckling	UB	cube	Creature – Bird 	262	UB	UB	At the beginning of your end step, mill two cards. Then if ten or more cards are in your graveyard, transform Bitter Duckling.	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Nightsong Swan	UB	Creature – Bird 	UB		FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, mill seven cards, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.NEWLINEIf you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.	3/3			!UBR Flashback\nOmegalomania	BR	cube	Enchantment	270	BR	3BR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Omegalomania deals 2 damage to any target. Whenever a permanent you don’t control dealt damage this way dies this turn, return it to the battlefield tapped under your control.			normal	MC25		!UBR Spells\nAtieh, Seer of Distant Futures	WU	cube	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Advisor 	257	WU	1WU		2/2	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEFlashNEWLINEWhen Atieh enters, return target noncreature spell to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEWU: AngelNEWLINEYou gain 2 life and draw a card.NEWLINE2WU: ElderNEWLINEAtieh gains “Each opponent can’t cast more than one spell each turn.”	class	MC25		\nFahrib, the Ever-Scheming	UB	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Advisor 	264	UB	UB		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEYou may play cards exiled with Fahrib and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to play them.NEWLINEUB: DemonNEWLINEEach player exiles a card from their hand.NEWLINE4UB: ElderNEWLINEExile the top five cards of each player’s library. Fahrib gains “Spells you cast from anywhere other than your hand cost 2 less to cast.”	class	MC25		\nAndazir, First to Aspire	BR	cube	Legendary Creature – Mutant Warlock 	266	BR	4BR		6/6	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhenever Andazir enters or transcends, each opponent sacrifices a nonland permanent.NEWLINE1BR: DemonNEWLINECreate four 1/1 black Snake creature tokens with deathtouch.NEWLINE2BR: ElderNEWLINEYou draw three cards and you lose 3 life.	class	MC25		\nSahra, Hadak's Last Warrior	RG	cube	Legendary Creature – Ogre Warrior 	273	RG	3RG		7/7	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEHasteNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, sacrifice Sahra unless he entered the battlefield or transcended this turn.NEWLINERG: DemonNEWLINEDiscard up to two cards. Draw that many cards plus one.NEWLINE2RG: ElderNEWLINEDestroy each artifact and enchantment you don’t control.	class	MC25		\nAbwad Kahroba, Failed Son	WG	cube	Legendary Creature – Mutant Warrior 	276	WG	1GW		3/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEVigilance, trampleNEWLINEGW: DemonNEWLINEAbwad Kahroba gains “At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.”NEWLINEXGW: ElderNEWLINECreate X 2/1 black Horror creature tokens. You gain X life.	class	MC25		fullartNEWLINEHe/himNEWLINE!inpend Demon\\n/replace/Demon – !inpend Elder\\n/replace/Elder – \nMahara, General of All	WB	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Soldier 	283	WB	4WB		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Mahara enters, if you cast them, destroy all other creatures.NEWLINEWB: AngelNEWLINEYou gain 4 life and amass Soldiers 4. (Put four +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)NEWLINE5WB: ElderNEWLINEAmass Soldiers 20.	class	MC25		\nRahstahde, Brand of Truth	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	288	UR	UR		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEThe first instant or sorcery spell you cast on each of your turns costs U/R (or 1) less to cast.NEWLINEUR: AngelNEWLINEPut a flying counter and a prowess counter on Rahstahde.NEWLINE5UR: ElderNEWLINEExile any number of instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	class	MC25		\nTamaak the Arid Swarm	BG	cube	Legendary Creature – Insect 	295	BG	2BG		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINETamaak the Arid Swarm can only transcend if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.NEWLINEBG: DemonNEWLINECreate two 1/1 black Insect creature tokens with flying.NEWLINEXBG: ElderNEWLINEDestroy each other nonland, nontoken permanent with mana value X or less.	class	MC25		\nCyrukan of Heart and Iron	WR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	298	WR	3RW		6/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhenever Cyrukan enters or transcends, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with haste.NEWLINE2RW: AngelNEWLINECreatures you control get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE3RW: ElderNEWLINECreatures you control gain lifelink and vigilance until end of turn.	class	MC25		\nMartoob of Flowing Life	UG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	303	UG	2GU		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEVigilanceNEWLINEMartoob of Flowing Life has ward X, where X is the number of counters on her.NEWLINEGU: AngelNEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.NEWLINE2GU: ElderNEWLINEDouble the number of counters on permanents you control.	class	MC25		\nVeeni, High Truthseeker	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble Wizard 	290	UR	1UR	HasteNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEIf casting a noncreature spell would cause an ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	2/1		normal	MC25		!URW Prowess\nGhulish Unearthing	BR	cube	Sorcery	269	BR	BR	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEMonument 3BR (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Obelisk of Absolute Rule	BR	Artifact – Monument 	BR		At the beginning of your end step, judge target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)				!BRG Sacrifice\nSahra, the Consuming	RG	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	274	WRG	3RG	Trample, hasteNEWLINEWhen Sahra, the Consuming enters or attacks, sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, transform Sahra unless you’ve sacrificed two or more permanents this turn.	6/6		transform double faced	MC25		Cyrukan, the Vast	WR	Legendary Creature – Elder Angel 	WRG		IndestructibleNEWLINEWhenever Cyrukan attacks, choose one –NEWLINE• Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINE• Create a Weapon token and attach it to target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you control three or more tokens, transform Cyrukan.   	6/3			\nKahroba, Forefather of All	WG	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	279	WUG	3GW	If a creature would die, exile it instead with an ancestry counter on it.NEWLINEKahroba gets +X/+X, where X is the total power of creature cards exiled with ancestry counters on them.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more cards exiled with ancestry counters on them, transform Kahroba.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Atieh, Savior of Destiny	WU	Legendary Creature – Elder Angel 	WUG		Flying, hexproofNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, put an exiled card with an ancestry counter on it on the bottom of its owner’s library, then scry 2. If there is exactly one card exiled with an ancestry counter on it, transform Atieh.	4/4			\nMahara, the Universal	WB	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Angel 	284	WBR	3WB	IndestructibleNEWLINEWhenever this creature enters or transforms into Mahara, recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control four or more creatures, transform Mahara.	4/3		transform double faced	MC25		Andazir, the Crownless	BR	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	WBR		Protection from instants and from sorceriesNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice another creature. For each creature sacrificed this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Andazir, the Crownless.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control four or fewer creatures, transform Andazir.	6/6			\nRahstahde, Word of Truth	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Angel 	289	UBR	2UR	ProwessNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you have four or more cards in hand, transform Rahstahde.	4/4		transform double faced	MC25		Fahrib, Tale of Deceit	UB	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	UBR		HexproofNEWLINEDiscard two cards: You may cast target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard this turn. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you have two or fewer cards in hand, transform Fahrib.	4/4			newart \nMartoob, Blessing of Water	UG	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Angel 	302	UBG	3GU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you control no untapped lands, transform Martoob, Blessing of Water.	5/5		transform double faced	MC25		Tamaak, Drought of Life	BG	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	UBG		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a player taps a land for mana, return that land to its owner’s hand unless they pay 1 life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if an opponent controls no tapped lands, transform Tamaak, Drought of Life.	5/5			\nRuinous Naga	RG	cube	Creature – Snake Warrior 	272	RG	1RG	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever a noncreature permanent is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Ruinous Naga.	3/3		adventure	MC25		Spit on the Grave	RG	Sorcery – Tale 	RG	RG	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Spit on the Grave deals 2 damage to that permanent’s controller.				!BRG Sacrifice\nArchive Guardian	BG	cube	Creature – Elemental 	291	BG	2BG	When Archive Guardian enters, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINERecite 1BG (You may cast this creature from your graveyard for its recite cost. If you do, exile it when it enters or if it would leave the battlefield.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!BRG\nTyrant of Tributes	RG	cube	Creature – Dragon 	275	RG	6RG	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Tyrant of Tributes enters, target opponent sacrifices X permanents, where X is half the number of permanents they control, rounded up. You gain X life.	6/6		normal	MC25		!RGW\nTenvilu, Earthen Warden	WG	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Wurm 	280	WG	4GW	FlashNEWLINEWhen Tenvilu, Earthen Warden enters, other creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		transform double faced	MC25		Birth of Reloncarü	WG	Legendary Enchantment	WG	2GW	Legacy (You may play this side of this card only from your graveyard. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEPermanents you control have lifelink and “T: Add one mana of any color.”				!RGW\nQuinn, the Performer	WR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Actor 	300	WR	2RW	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Quinn or another creature you control enters, tap all creatures your opponents control.	3/2		normal	MC25		!RGW\nTitanic Fossil		cube	Artifact	392	UB	2	3, Sacrifice Titanic Fossil: Mill three cards, then you may cast another card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE3UB: Return Titanic Fossil from your graveyard to the battlefield transformed. Activate only during your turn.			transform double faced	MC25		Arisen Tyrant	UB	Creature – Nautilus 	UB		TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Arisen Tyrant attacks, mill three cards, then you may cast a card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost.NEWLINEIf Arisen Tyrant would die, exile it instead.	5/5			!Sultai\nRecall Forgotten Eons	UG	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	305	UG	1GU	Draw two cards. You may play an additional land this turn.NEWLINECoalesce 5GU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/6		normal	MC25		!UBG\nDai Gui, Pillar of Sea and Sky	UG	cube	Legendary Creature – Turtle Monk 	301	UG	2GU		2/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Dai Gui enters, create a 1/1 green and blue Bird creature token with flying and “T: Add one mana of any color.”NEWLINEXXGU: DemigodNEWLINEYou gain X life and you draw X cards. X can’t be 0.NEWLINEXXGU: GodNEWLINEPut up to X creature cards from your hand onto the battlefield.	class	MC25		!URG\nHannah, Aethertechnician	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Artificer 	287	UR	1UR	Whenever you make first contact, create a Treasure token. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)NEWLINET, Return an artifact with mana value X you control to its owner’s hand: You may cast a spell with mana value X plus 1 or less and with a different name from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	MC25		!URG\nOne of Purpose	WR	cube	Creature – Human Monk 	299	WR	RW	ProwessNEWLINEWhen One of Purpose enters, if you cast it, create a Function token with “If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it. You may cast it from exile until the end of your next turn.”	2/2		normal	MC25		!URW\nDesraen, Serpent's Will	WU	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	260	WU	2WU	Rapport – Whenever Desraen, Serpent’s Will and at least one other creature you control become tapped, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.	2/4		normal	MC25		!URW\nDeath Pits Hawker	BR	cube	Creature – Orc Rogue 	267	BR	BR	HasteNEWLINEWhenever another creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	MC25		!RWB\nAzun, Sheriff of Daisite	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Azun 	297	WR	1RW			[+1]: Tap up to one target creature. Azun, Sheriff of Daisite deals 1 damage to each opponent.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile another target nonland permanent until Azun, Sheriff of Daisite leaves the battlefield.NEWLINE[-7]: Detain each permanent target opponent controls.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!RWB\nIshim's Meddling	WB	cube	Enchantment	282	WB	WB	Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINE2WB: Ishim’s Meddling becomes a 4/4 Angel creature with flying and vigilance until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!WBG\nBvala, Queen of the Swarm	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Bvala 	278	WG	4GW			[+1]: Create a green enchantment token named Swarm with “At the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.”NEWLINE[-2]: Create a green enchantment token named Survive with “Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain life equal to its power.”NEWLINE[-4]: Create a green enchantment token named Scrounge with “Whenever a creature you control enters, draw a card.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!WBG\nCd-hr, Raid Leader	BG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Cd-hr 	293	BG	2BG			[+1]: Untap up to one target creature. It gains deathtouch until your next turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Target player sacrifices a creature. Return a permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-5]: Put any number of permanent cards from your graveyard onto the battlefield, then sacrifice that many permanents.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!WBG\nAtieh's Destiny	WU	cube	Creature – Nephilim Cleric 	258	WU	WU	Whenever Atieh’s Destiny or another creature you control enters, you gain 1 life and scry 1.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nDelve for Treasures	UB	cube	Instant	263	UB	XUB	Repeat the following process X times. Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	MC25		\nDjinn of the Waning Candle	BR	cube	Creature – Djinn Wizard 	268	BR	2BR	1, Sacrifice a creature: Create a Treasure token. Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		fullartNEWLINESacrificeNEWLINEAndazir NEutral\nBoon of the Pacts	BG	cube	Enchantment	292	BG	1BG	At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a non-Snake creature or Boon of the Pacts. Then create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card.NEWLINESpells you cast cost 1 less to cast.			normal	MC25		\nAmeret, Pride of Cyrukan	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Ameret 	296	WR	2RRWW			As long as it’s your turn, Ameret is a 4/4 Angel creature with flying, haste, indestructible, and “Whenever Ameret attacks, attach any number of Equipment you control to them.”NEWLINE[+2]: Create two 1/1 red and white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink.NEWLINE[-3]: Ameret deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. You gain 4 life.NEWLINE[-4]: For each creature you control, create a Weapon token and attach it to that creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	planeswalker	MC25	6	\nChi Lee of the Underworld	BG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	294	BG	BG	Whenever Chi Lee attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, create a 4/4 black Demon creature token with “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.”	2/1		normal	MC25		!UBG\nWill of a Fickle Lord	WU	cube	Enchantment	348	WU	2W/UW/U	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, you may exile target permanent that player controls. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	MC25		\nNeural Contagion	UB	cube	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	349	UB	3U/BU/B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEEnchanted player plays with the top card of their library revealed.NEWLINEYou may cast the top card of enchanted player’s library, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast it.			normal	MC25		\nGlinthide Hero	UG	cube	Creature – Lizard Warrior 	357	UG	1G/UG/U	Prismatic – Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, draw a card.	2/4		normal	MC25		\nThe Lost and Seeking	WR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	356	WR	R/W	Whenever another legendary creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on The Lost and Seeking.NEWLINESurpass 4RW (4RW: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		Ameret, Shining and Proud	WR	Legendary Planeswalker – Ameret 	WR				As this permanent transforms into Ameret, Shining and Proud, counters on them become loyalty counters instead.NEWLINE[+1]: Until end of turn, you may have Ameret become an X/X Angel creature with flying, indestructible, and haste, where X is the number of counters on them.NEWLINE[-2]: Create three 1/1 red and white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink and haste.		\nYe Feng, Lotus Apothecary	BG	cube	Legendary Creature – Rat Druid 	355	BG	B/G	T, Sacrifice another creature: Return target creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	MC25		\nOracle's Disciple	UR	cube	Creature – Human Wizard Knight 	354	UR	U/RU/R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nAll-Enduring Mafua	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Mafua 	353	WB	2W/BW/B			[+1]: Until end of turn, All-Enduring Mafua becomes a 5/5 Cat Warrior creature with lifelink and indestructible. (He doesn’t lose loyalty while he’s not a planeswalker.)NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target creature.NEWLINE[-X]: Return each creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nOpportunistic Raiders	BR	cube	Creature – Human Rogue 	350	BR	2B/RB/R	Bleed 1B/R (You may cast this spell for its bleed cost if an opponent has lost life this turn.)NEWLINEHasteNEWLINEWhen Opportunistic Raiders enters, if it’s your main phase, after this phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nLumbering Ox	RG	cube	Creature – Ox Warrior 	351	RG	1R/GR/G	TrampleNEWLINELumbering Ox gets +1/+1 for each land you control.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may exile it and repeat this process.NEWLINEYou may play cards exiled with Lumbering Ox.	0/0		normal	MC25		\nUnlikeliest Heroes	WG	cube	Creature – Mouse Army 	352	WG	G/W	G/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes doesn’t have a +1/+1 counter on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINE2G/WG/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes has a +1/+1 counter on it and doesn’t have vigilance, put two +1/+1 counters and a vigilance counter on it.NEWLINE3G/WG/WG/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes has vigilance and not indestructible, put four +1/+1 counters and an indestructible counter on it.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nSiaveed, Commander of Armies	WB	cube	Legendary Creature – Nephilim Noble 	285	WB	WB	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose life equal to the number of Armies you control, then recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!WBR\nThe Grand Simurgh	WUBRG	cube	Legendary Creature – Chimera 	321	WUBRG	WUBRG	FlyingNEWLINEWhen you cast The Grand Simurgh, search your graveyard and the top five cards of your library for any number of nonlegendary creature cards with total mana value 5 or less and put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nZareen Kahroba, Shah	WUBRG	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	347	WUBRG	WUBRG	When Zareen Kahroba, Shah enters, if you cast her, untap each Satrapy you control.NEWLINEWhenever each Satrapy you control becomes tapped for the first time during each of your turns, untap it.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nGuardians of Kallian's Tomb	RG	cube	Artifact	271	WUBRG	1RG	T: Create a Treasure token.NEWLINEWUBRG: Until end of turn, Guardians of Kallian’s Tomb becomes a 5/5 Ox artifact creature and gains trample and “Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent unless they have you draw two cards.”			normal	MC25		!URG\nTempting Shahmaran	WUBR	cube	Creature – Snake Warlock 	341	WUBR	WUBR	When Tempting Shahmaran enters, gain control of target creature. Untap it and it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, exile that creature and put X +1/+1 counters on Tempting Shahmaran, where X is that creature’s power.NEWLINETempting Shahmaran has all activated abilities of cards exiled with it.	2/2		normal	MC25		!4C\nSahra's Harbinger	UBRG	cube	Creature – Demon Warlock 	335	UBRG	UBRG	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Sahra’s Harbinger enters, reveal the top six cards of an opponent’s library and separate them into two piles. That opponent chooses one of those piles and puts it into their hand. You may cast any number of nonland cards in the other pile without paying their mana costs.	5/5		normal	MC25		!4C\nSwooping Manticore	WBRG	cube	Creature – Manticore 	340	WBRG	BRGW	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEFlying, menace, hasteNEWLINEWard–Sacrifice a creature. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices a creature.)	4/4		normal	MC25		black red green whiteNEWLINEfour color creature cycle\nMuktann Protectors	WURG	cube	Enchantment	328	WURG	RGWU	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 2/1 white Sand creature token with flying.NEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 3/1 red Sand creature token with haste.NEWLINEWhenever you cast an enchantment or artifact spell, create a 2/2 blue Sand creature token with hexproof.NEWLINEWhenever a land you control enters, create a 3/3 green Sand creature token.			normal	MC25		\nTwice Blessed	WUBG	cube	Enchantment	343	WUBG	2GWUB	If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead.NEWLINEIf you would draw a card, draw two cards instead.NEWLINEIf you tap a permanent for mana, it produces twice as much of that mana instead.			normal	MC25		\nHidden Garden Entrance		cube	Land	417	WUBRG		T, Sacrifice Hidden Garden Entrance: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEMonument WUBRG (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Cosmic Contraption		Artifact	WUBRG		When Cosmic Contraption enters or leaves the battlefield, you may reveal a noncreature card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand.				\nFeather of the Simurgh		cube	Legendary Artifact	368	WUBRG	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEWUBRG, T, Exile Feather of the Simurgh: Exile a white enchantment card, a blue instant card, a black battle card, a red sorcery card, and a green creature card from your graveyard. If you exiled five cards this way, cast any number of them without paying their mana costs.			normal	MC25		\nEntelan Deep Storage	UR	cube	Enchantment	286	UR	2UR	HexproofNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.			normal	MC25		!UBR\nCelestial Concordance	W	cube	Sorcery	17	W	3WW	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy all creatures.NEWLINE• Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.			normal	MC25		!Generic Wipe\nChange of Station	W	cube	Instant	18	W	W	Exile target creature. That creature’s controller creates a 1/1 white Soldier creature token, then judges that token. (They honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)			normal	MC25		!Generic Removal\nUnwrite	W	cube	Instant	54	W	1W	Choose one –NEWLINE• Unwrite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	MC25		!Generic Removal\nOnce More with Heart	W	cube	Sorcery	39	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value is less than 3, you gain life equal to the difference.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nJourney's End	W	cube	Instant	31	W	1W	Put target creature or planeswalker on the bottom of its owner’s library. Its controller may scry 1.			normal	MC25		!Generic Removal\nBeyond the Veil	W	cube	Enchantment	14	W	1W	When Beyond the Veil enters, if it was cast, another target nonland permanent phases out.  (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)NEWLINENonland permanents you don’t control with mana value 3 or less can’t phase in.			normal	MC25		!Generic Removal\nAyala's Blessing	W	cube	Enchantment	12	W	3W	When Ayala’s Blessing enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to two target creatures.NEWLINEWhenever an embattled creature you control dies, you may return it to its owner’s hand. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		!Bant\nEnd of Days	W	cube	Sorcery	25	W	3WW	Choose a nonland permanent type, then destroy all nonland permanents that aren’t of the chosen type.			normal	MC25		!Generic Wipe\nMari, Dawn Resurgent	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Mari 	38	W	4WW			[+1]: Exile up to one target tapped creature.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying.NEWLINE[-3]: Destroy all creatures. You gain 1 life for each creature destroyed this way.NEWLINE[-7]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of each end step, you gain life equal to twice the life you’ve lost this turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	5	!Generic Wipe\nOstracizer Orb	W	cube	Artifact	40	W	1W	When Ostracizer Orb enters, exile target nonartifact, nonland permanent until Ostracizer Orb leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!Generic Removal\nPolytheism	W	cube	Enchantment	43	W	6WWW	When Polytheism enters, return up to four target permanent cards not named Polytheism from your graveyard to the battlefield. They become 4/4 God creatures in addition to their other types.NEWLINEGods you control have indestructible.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nCalfu, Greatest Toqui		cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior Noble 	2	WUBRG	4	Calfu, Greatest Toqui is all colors.NEWLINEAs long as there are five or more basic land types among lands you control, other creatures you control get +2/+1 and have vigilance.NEWLINEWhen Calfu dies, you may search your library for a card named Heart of Carü Mapu, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	3/4		normal	MC25		\nHeart of Carü Mapu		cube	Legendary Artifact	376	C	4	Heart of Carü Mapu enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control.			normal	MC25		\nCastigated Sister	W	cube	Creature – Horror Cleric 	16	W	W	Whenever another creature or enchantment you control enters, you gain 1 life.NEWLINE3WW, Pay 5 life: Castigated Sister becomes a 5/5 Angel Horror with flying. (This effect doesn’t end at end of turn.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Generic (Angels)\nEtlan High Priest	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	26	W	W	Stampede – Whenever Etlan High Priest and a creature with greater power attack, Etlan High Priest gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Then you gain 1 life and scry 1.	1/2		normal	MC25		!Naya\nHerald of the White Orchid	W	cube	Creature – Human Soldier 	28	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature deals combat damage to a player, if it was encouraged by Herald of the White Orchid this turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Generic\nWaxing Angel	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	55	W	W	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you gained 3 or more life this turn, choose one –NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on Waxing Angel.NEWLINE• Exile target artifact or enchantment.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Esper + Angels\nSatrapy General	W	cube	Creature – Angel Warrior 	48	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINETap three untapped Satrapies you control: Recruit. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	3/3		normal	MC25		!Generic Satrapies\nConchhorn Shinygrabber	W	cube	Creature – Turtle Knight 	19	WUBRG	1W	Slipstream (This creature can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)NEWLINEWhenever Conchhorn Shinygrabber attacks, you may pay 1. If you do, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEWUBRG: Conchhorn Shinygrabber gets +3/+3 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Generic 5C\nDisciple of Faradia	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	23	W	2WW	When Disciple of Faradia enters, search your library for an Angel or Aura card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle. You gain life equal to its mana value.NEWLINEAs long as you control an Angel, Disciple of Faradia gets +2/+2, has flying, and is an Angel in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Generic Angels\nMajor Benjamin Stout	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Soldier 	37	W	3WW	Double strike, vigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Major Benjamin Stout enters, attacks, or dies, recruit.  (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/4		normal	MC25		!Abzan\nDawn Over Soli	W	cube	Battle – Encounter   	21	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Soli enters or is defeated, look at the top five cards of your library. Put up to one creature card with mana value 2 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	MC25	3	!Abzan\nSeraph of Sunset	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	50	W	4WW	Flying, vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINEPersist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)	5/5		normal	MC25		!Esper + Angels\nSavior-Tactician	W	cube	Creature – Angel Soldier 	49	W	3WW	Lionize 1W (1W, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEOther creatures you control get +1/+1.	4/4		normal	MC25		!Generic\nSeraph of the Stage	W	cube	Creature – Construct Angel 	51	W	2WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cycle Seraph of the Stage or it attacks, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		!Generic Angels\nPromised Exaltation	W	cube	Creature – Angel Spirit  	44	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks alone, choose one –NEWLINE• Exile target creature with power less than that creature’s power.NEWLINE• Put two +1/+1 counters on that creature.NEWLINE• That creature gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn. Untap it.	5/5		normal	MC25		!Generic Angels\nZareen, the Second Shah	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	56	W	2W	When Zareen, the Second Shah enters, search your library for a creature card with mana value 2 or less or a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEMonument 2WW (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Throne of Soli	W	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	W		Each creature you control enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEEach planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.				!Generic\nHollow Simulacrum	W	cube	Enchantment	30	W	2WW	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a white Angel creature token with flying and that creature’s name and base power and toughness.			normal	MC25		!Abzan\nHigh Priest of Kahroba	W	cube	Creature – Azra Cleric 	29	W	2W	ProwessNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, you gain life equal to its mana value.	2/3		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nAtieh's Elite	W	cube	Creature – Angel Cleric 	10	W	2WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Atieh’s Elite enters, judge another target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)NEWLINEWhenever you honor a creature, until end of turn, that creature has base power and toughness 4/4, gains flying, and becomes an Angel in addition to its other types.	3/2		normal	MC25		!Bant + Angels\nAberrant Apostle	W	cube	Creature – Horror Cleric 	7	W	1W	Sacrifice Aberrant Apostle: Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.NEWLINE• Exile target card from a graveyard.	2/1		modal double faced	MC25		Shroudmaker's Domain		Land	W		Shroudmaker’s Domain enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.				!Generic\nBlessing from Wings on High	W	cube	Enchantment	15	W	1WW	When Blessing from Wings on High enters, you may search your library for an Angel or Nephilim card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. NEWLINECreatures you control get +1/+0.			normal	MC25		!Generic Angels\nUnderpass Sentinel	W	cube	Creature – Dwarf Soldier 	53	W	1W	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Underpass Sentinel enters or attacks, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control without one.NEWLINESacrifice Underpass Sentinel: Embattled creatures you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.  (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Bant\nQueen Hannaru	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble Soldier 	46	W	1WW	Whenever Queen Hannaru enters or attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more +1/+1 counters among creatures you control, you may transform Queen Hannaru.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Hannaru the Conqueror	W	Legendary Creature – God 	W		IndestructibleNEWLINEWhenever Hannaru the Conqueror attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	4/4			!Bant\nLuna, Loyal Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Fox 	36	W	1W	When Luna enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter or loyalty counter on target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEWhenever another creature or planeswalker enters, you may exile Luna. Return her to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Bant\nEmbodied Soul	W	cube	Legendary Enchantment	24	W	W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, upgrade Embodied Soul.NEWLINE• Flying  • First strike  • Vigilance  • LifelinkNEWLINEW: Until end of turn, if Embodied Soul isn’t a creature, it becomes a 0/0 Spirit Avatar enchantment creature with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each different kind of counter on it.”			normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nParish Paragon	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	42	W	1W	Parish Paragon gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.NEWLINEAll damage that would be dealt to other creatures you control not named Parish Paragon is dealt to Parish Paragon instead.	0/0		normal	MC25		!Mardu\nQueen Andarli, the Fierce	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble Soldier 	45	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINEOther creatures you control have protection from mana value 3 or greater.	2/1		normal	MC25		!Mardu\nBearer of the Lantern	W	cube	Creature – Human Soldier 	13	W	1WW	When Bearer of the Lantern enters, you gain 3 life.NEWLINEPersist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)	2/3		normal	MC25		!Esper\nSoli Arbalist	W	cube	Creature – Nephilim Ranger 	52	W	3W	Whenever Soli Arbalist or a nontoken Angel or Nephilim you control enters, amass Soldiers 2. If it was an Angel, amass Soldiers 4 instead. (To amass Soldiers 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Esper + Angels\nCrisis in Soli	W	cube	Battle – Encounter   	20	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Crisis in Soli enters, amass Soldiers 3. (Create three +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control an Army, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	MC25	3	!Abzan\nAvaz Rising	W	cube	Battle – Encounter   	11	W	4W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Avaz Rising enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature becomes an Army in addition to its other types.			normal	MC25	4	!Abzan\nRuneclad Seeker	W	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	47	W	W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Runeclad Seeker gets +1/+1 until end of turn. If that spell was an Aura or Equipment spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Runeclad Seeker instead.	1/2		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nDeliverance Branch	W	cube	Enchantment	22	W	3WW	Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each noncreature spell you’ve cast this turn.NEWLINEWhen Deliverance Branch enters, create three 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink.			normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nAbjuration Savant	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	8	W	1W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Abjuration Savant. It gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINEWhen Abjuration Savant dies, you gain life equal to its toughness.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nJusticiar Overseer	W	cube	Creature – Angel Soldier 	32	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Justiciar Overseer enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!Esper Angels\nKnight of Valimir	W	cube	Creature – Human Knight Avatar 	33	W	2W	Whenever one or more other creatures you control enter, upgrade each creature you control. (Give each one of the listed counters it doesn’t already have. Upgrades are independent.)NEWLINE• +1/+1          • Flying          • First strikeNEWLINE• Vigilance          • Lifelink	2/2		normal	MC25		!Naya Beatdown\nLijing, the True Divinity	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	34	W	2WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Lijing, the True Divinity or another nontoken creature you control enters, choose one –NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 white Fox Spirit creature token.NEWLINE• Invigorate 1. (Choose a creature with the least power among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	3/5		normal	MC25		\nDawn Over Nizev	U	cube	Battle – Encounter   	63	U	3UU	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Nizev enters, draw three cards.NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Nizev is defeated, exile it. If you do, you may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.			normal	MC25	6	!Generic\nGolden Age	U	cube	Enchantment	69	U	2UU	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a Treasure token. Then if you control fifteen or more artifacts, creatures, and/or enchantments, you win the game.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nJahan, the Third Shah	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Nephilim Noble 	72	U	3UU	When Jahan, the Third Shah enters, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then draw three cards.NEWLINEMonument 3UU (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Cup of Jahan	U	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	U		You may look at the top card of your library.NEWLINET: You may play the top card of your library.				!Generic\nMarilye, the Thieving Blade	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Marilye 	75	U	2UU			You may spend mana as if it was mana of any color to cast cards exiled with Marilye.NEWLINE[+1]: Exile the top card of each opponent’s library. Until end of turn, you may cast spells from among those exiled cards.NEWLINE[-3]: Exile target creature. You may cast that card. If you don’t, return it to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE[-7]: Gain control of up to five target nonland permanents.	planeswalker	MC25	4	!Generic\nMartoob Lifeshaper	U	cube	Creature – Nephilim Wizard 	76	U	2U	Lionize 2U (2U, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEWhenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Bant\nOne Person's Trash	U	cube	Sorcery	80	U	1U	Reprise 3U  (As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may exile one card with reprise from your graveyard and pay its reprise cost. If you do, add its effects to that spell.)NEWLINECreate a Treasure token. You draw cards equal to the number of tokens created by this spell.			normal	MC25		!Temur\nOpulent Ankulim	U	cube	Creature – Elemental 	81	U	2U	Whenever you cast your first instant or sorcery spell each turn, create a Treasure token.	2/3		normal	MC25		!Generic\nSatrapy Merchant	U	cube	Creature – Djinn Wizard 	89	U	5UU	FlashNEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Draw a card.”	5/5		normal	MC25		!Generic Satrapies\nSettling of Soli	U	cube	Battle – Encounter   	93	U	1U	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Settling of Soli enters, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25	3	Generic\nStreetwise Spellseeker	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	98	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Streetwise Spellseeker. Then if its power is 5 or greater, create a 4/4 white Angel Soldier creature token with flying.	1/3		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nTyrant of the Depths	U	cube	Creature – Construct Merfolk 	101	U	3UU	Tyrant of the Depths has hexproof as long as it’s untapped.NEWLINEWhenever you cycle Tyrant of the Depths or it attacks, tap target nonland permanent you don’t control and put a stun counter on it.NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1U (1U, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	5/5		normal	MC25		!Generic\nWildershrine Pilgrimage	U	cube	Sorcery	106	U	1U	Surveil 1, then draw a card. (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)NEWLINECreate a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!Temur\nWayfarer's Shrine		cube	Land	447	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nChanneling Stone		cube	Land	403	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color that a basic land you control could produce.			normal	MC25		\nDesert Temple		cube	Legendary Land – Desert 	408	C		Desert Temple enters tapped.NEWLINEAs Desert Temple enters, an opponent of your choice chooses Oasis or Desiccation.NEWLINE• Oasis – T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINE• Desiccation – T: Add CC. You lose 1 life.			normal	MC25		\nHeart of Zhedina		cube	Legendary Land	416	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEWanderlust – T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands. If you control seven or more, you may add three mana of that color instead.			normal	MC25		\nLotus Barrens		cube	Land	420	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Lotus Barrens: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless land token named Lotus Spring with “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		\nRoyal Domain		cube	Land	433	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: Add three mana of any one color.NEWLINE3, T: Create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		\nThe High Prairies		cube	Legendary Land	418	C		Vanishing 5 (This permanent enters with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEThe High Prairies enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		\nZhedina Exchange		cube	Land	450	C		When Zhedina Exchange enters, choose a basic land type.NEWLINEBasic lands you control of the chosen type have “T: Add one mana of any color.”NEWLINET: Add C.			normal	MC25		\nAzamir, Wayward Titan		cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Azamir 	1	C	8			You may play cards exiled with Azamir planeswalkers.NEWLINE[+2]: Search each player’s library for a card and exile it. Shuffle each library searched this way.NEWLINE[-3]: Each opponent chooses a permanent they control for each permanent type, then exiles those permanents.NEWLINE[-8]: Exile all cards your opponents own from outside the game. Until end of turn, you may cast spells without paying their mana costs and you may play cards exiled with Azamir planeswalkers.	planeswalker	MC25	5	\nCoalition Relic		cube	Artifact	365	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET: Put a charge counter on Coalition Relic.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your precombat main phase, remove all charge counters from Coalition Relic. Add one mana of any color for each charge counter removed this way.			normal	MC25		Reprint.\nMettalia, Light from Above		cube	Legendary Artifact Creature – Construct 	382	WUBRG	4	Mettalia is all colors.NEWLINEMettalia has protection from each color among cards she’s salvaged in exile.NEWLINEWhen Mettalia enters, for each color, you may salvage a nonlegendary card of that color. (You may exile them from your graveyard until this creature leaves the battlefield. Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, put a card it salvaged into your hand.)	4/3		normal	MC25		\nRunic Pillars		cube	Artifact	386	C	4	Runic Pillars enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add CCC.NEWLINE2: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		\nMakshi, Patron of Blades		cube	Legendary Creature – Horror Warrior 	4	WUBRG	5	When Makshi, Patron of Blades enters, search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Add WUBRG. Spend this mana only to cast Equipment spells and activate abilities of Equipment.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nUnravel Shattered Worlds		cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	5	C	2	Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Unravel Shattered Worlds.NEWLINECoalesce 7 (You may cast this from your graveyard for 7. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nWeeping Lotus		cube	Artifact	394	C	2	Weeping Lotus enters with five petal counters on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, remove a petal counter from Weeping Lotus. If you do, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		\nGilded Lotus		cube	Artifact	372	C	5	T: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	MC25		\nGate of Realms		cube	Artifact	369	C	3	When Gate of Realms enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put that card into your hand. If you do, shuffle.NEWLINE10, T: Gate of Realms deals 3 damage to any target. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each different name among lands you control.			normal	MC25		\nSealed Riftway		cube	Artifact	387	C	1	When Sealed Riftway enters, exile up to one target card from a graveyard.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Sealed Riftway: Exile target player’s graveyard. Draw a card.			normal	MC25		\nRenewal Grove		cube	Land	432	C		T, Sacrifice Renewal Grove: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If Renewal Grove entered since your last upkeep, that land doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	MC25		FixingNEWLINE!changedNEWLINE!note nbslot\nFabled Passage		cube	Land	412	C		T, Sacrifice Fabled Passage: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control four or more lands, untap that land.			normal	MC25		\nMana Rose		cube	Artifact	380	C	1	When Mana Rose enters, you gain 2 life and scry 2.NEWLINE1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		\nGilded Spyglass		cube	Artifact	373	C	2	3, T: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a colorless card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		\nGilded Gearhulk		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	370	C	6	HasteNEWLINEWhen Gilded Gearhulk enters, you may destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent.	4/5		normal	MC25		\nTitan Snare		cube	Artifact	391	C	2	Spells with mana value 5 or greater can’t be cast.			normal	MC25		\nAcademic's Claymore		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	363	C	2	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it and draw a card.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	MC25		\nCortex Coil		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	366	C	2	Living weapon (When this Equipment enters, create a 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/-1.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature dies, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	MC25		!design ScribblNEWLINE!Community\nHorn of Seasons		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	378	C	3	When Horn of Seasons enters, search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +3/+0.NEWLINEEquip 3 (3: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	MC25		\nSetessan Armaments		cube	Artifact – Equipment 	388	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has ward 2 and “Whenever this creature attacks, draw a card, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.”NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	MC25		KEYWARD\nMerchant's Outpost		cube	Artifact	381	C	3	At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, discard a card.			normal	MC25		\nRestored Automaton		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	384	C	X	Restored Automaton enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEMentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	0/0		normal	MC25		\nRippling Curtain		cube	Artifact	385	C	3	At the beginning of your end step, aetherize target permanent you control. (To aetherize, create a token that’s a copy of it, then exile that token.)			normal	MC25		\nUnicorn of the Vale		cube	Artifact Creature – Unicorn 	393	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Unicorn of the Vale: Add three mana of any one color.	1/1		normal	MC25		truecolorless\nSeeker of Mysteries	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	92	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEProwess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nWanderer of Many	U	cube	Creature – Raccoon Monk 	103	U	U	When a creature scavenges Wanderer of Many, create a token that’s a copy of that creature. Put a +1/+1 counter on the copy.NEWLINEScavenge 3U (3U, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card’s power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Bant\nSwarm of the Dispossessed	U	cube	Creature – Spirit 	99	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 1. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Swarm of the Dispossessed.NEWLINESacrifice Swarm of the Dispossessed: Counter target spell with mana value X, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Swarm of the Dispossessed.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Bant\nJuyu Offering Pool	U	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	73	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Juyu Offering Pool enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE1U: Scales of SharaNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE6UU: Eye of ShojiroNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	MC25		!Generic\nPsionic Rebuke	U	cube	Instant	84	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. NEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nCosmic Sinkhole	U	cube	Instant	61	U	XU	Converge – Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each color of mana spent to cast Cosmic Sinkhole.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nCursory Glance	U	cube	Instant	62	U	1U	Counter target spell with mana value 3 or less.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nPortal Fracture	U	cube	Instant	82	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.NEWLINEWanderlust – If that spell has mana value 2 or less and you control four or more differently named lands, counter that spell.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nRedo	U	cube	Instant	87	U	UU	Counter target spell unless its controller pays its mana cost. (For example, if a spell costs 1UU, its controller must pay 1UU.)			normal	MC25		!Generic\nMonkeyshines	U	cube	Sorcery	79	U	U	Look at the top two cards of your library. You may put both of those cards into your graveyard or back on top of your library in any order.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nWatch from Above	U	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	104	U	U	Target player mills two cards.NEWLINEDraw a card.NEWLINECoalesce 6U (You may cast this from your graveyard for 6U. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	4/6		normal	MC25		!Grixis\nWheat from Chaff	U	cube	Sorcery	105	U	U	Draw two cards, then discard two cards.NEWLINEInvestigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Generic\nFlood of Information	U	cube	Sorcery	66	U	4U	Return all creatures with toughness 3 or less to their owners’ hands.NEWLINEInvestigate three times.  (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!Generic\nDuncaster Nightwatcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Detective 	64	U	3U	When Duncaster Nightwatcher enters and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you attack with three or more creatures, return target noncreature, nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nHasan of Clashing Truths	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Azra Wizard 	70	U	3UU	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand, put that card onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves.NEWLINEWhenever a face-down creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may exile it. If you do, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.	4/4		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nSteward of Second Sphere	U	cube	Creature – Avatar Wizard 	97	WU	3U	You may reveal the second card you draw each turn as you draw it. When you do, create a 2/2 blue Avatar Wizard creature token with prowess if it’s a creature card. If it’s a land card, create a Treasure token. If it’s a noncreature, nonland card, Steward of Second Sphere can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINE3W/UW/U: Scry 2.	3/2		normal	MC25		!Esper\nShatter Mortal Conveyances	U	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	94	U	6U	Return each nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.NEWLINECoalesce 6UUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 6UUU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEHexproof	7/3		normal	MC25		!Sultai\nReveal Eternities	U	cube	Instant	88	U	1U	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINEFlashback 3U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!Sultai\nReconstructed Adept	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	86	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEWhen Reconstructed Adept enters, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains agonize until end of turn. (You may cast this card from your graveyard by putting a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)	1/2		normal	MC25		!Grixis\nProdigious Panya	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Mouse Warrior 	83	U	U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEProdigious Panya has base power and toughness 4/4 during extra turns.	1/1		adventure	MC25		Great Escapade	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	3UU	If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!Temur\nSphinx of Ill Omens	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	96	U	2UUU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Sphinx of Ill Omens enters, return target permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEDiscard a card: Target creature or player gains hexproof until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		!Esper\nFractured Prodigy	U	cube	Creature – Construct Wizard 	68	U	2UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, sacrifice Fractured Prodigy. If you do, create two tokens that are copies of Fractured Prodigy.	3/2		normal	MC25		!Temur\nSpectrum Archmage	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	95	U	2UU	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Spectrum Archmage enters, return target spell to its owner’s hand, then abound.  (To abound, you may cast a nonland card that costs less than this from your hand without paying its mana cost.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!Esper\nCephalovorous Flukes	U	cube	Creature – Worm Horror 	59	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEWhen Cephalovorous Flukes enters, counter target spell or ability that targets you or a permanent you control.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Deepdrinker's Domain		Land	U		Deepdrinker’s Domain enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.				!Generic\nMirrorsoul Mage	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	78	U	1U	ProwessNEWLINEWhenever you cast your first noncreature spell during each of your turns, create a 1/1 blue Reflection Wizard creature token with prowess.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nQing Long, Capricious Wind	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	85	U	4UU	FlashNEWLINEFlying, protection from sorceriesNEWLINEYou may look at the top card of your library any time.NEWLINEYou may cast spells from the top of your library as long as it’s not your main phase.	5/5		normal	MC25		!Esper\nAcolyte of Water	U	cube	Creature – Nephilim Cleric 	57	U	2U	Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Water.NEWLINESurpass 5U (5U: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Acolyte of Life	U	Creature – Angel Cleric 	U		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Life.NEWLINERemove two counters from Acolyte of Life: It phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/3			!Bant\nMaster Negotiator	U	cube	Creature – Human Pirate 	77	U	2U	When Master Negotiator enters, you may gain control of target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. If you do, its controller may draw a card. Otherwise, you draw a card.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Esper\nConsult on Ages Lost	U	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	60	U	3U	Create two 1/2 blue Bird creature tokens with flying.NEWLINECoalesce 5UU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5UU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		normal	MC25		 !Grixis\nWade Through	U	cube	Sorcery	102	U	XUU	Draw X cards. Then if X is 2 or greater, you may discard any number of cards. For each card discarded this way, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		!Grixis\nTerraformer's Globe	U	cube	Artifact	100	U	U	When Terraformer’s Globe enters, draw a card.NEWLINET: Target land you control becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nLurzog, Kytherax's Disciple	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Zombie Wizard 	74	UB	2U	At the beginning of your end step, any number of target players mill three cards.NEWLINE5U/B, T: You may cast target instant or sorcery card from an opponent’s graveyard without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/4		normal	MC25		!Sultai\nAssault of the Conscripted	B	cube	Instant	109	B	XBB	Recruit X times. You lose X life.  (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)			normal	MC25		!Mardu\nAstral Assassination	B	cube	Sorcery	110	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEFlashback 4BB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!Generic\nCrisis in Kaneh	B	cube	Battle – Encounter   	111	B	1BB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Crisis in Kaneh enters, destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker.			normal	MC25	3	!Generic\nDanaj Rising	B	cube	Battle – Encounter   	112	B	1B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Danaj Rising enters, target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. You lose 1 life.			normal	MC25	3	!Generic\nDawn Over Kaneh	B	cube	Battle – Encounter   	114	B	XB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Kaneh enters, return any number of creature cards from your graveyard with total mana value X or less to the battlefield. They become Armies in addition to their other types.			normal	MC25	X	!Mardu\nDoomed Explorer	B	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	118	B	B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Doomed Explorer dies, create a Treasure token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Abzan\nDutybound Ghul	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Rogue 	120	B	2B	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, each opponent discards a card if it’s your turn. Otherwise, each opponent loses 2 life.	3/2		normal	MC25		!Grixis\nGreedstoker Demon	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	122	B	2BB	Flying, trampleNEWLINEWhen Greedstoker Demon enters, you lose X life and create X Treasure tokens, where X is your devotion to black. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)NEWLINEYou can’t sacrifice more than one Treasure each turn.	5/4		normal	MC25		!Esper\nMerchant of Flesh	B	cube	Creature – Naga Advisor 	130	B	3B	Whenever Merchant of Flesh or another creature you control dies, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice two Treasures: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	4/2		normal	MC25		!Jund\nA Most Important Prince	B	cube	Creature – Construct Noble 	132	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever you cycle A Most Important Prince or it attacks, each opponent with two or more cards in hand discards a card.NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1B (1B, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	MC25		!Generic\nPay Up	B	cube	Sorcery	137	B	B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. If you can’t, they discard a card. Otherwise, that player discards a card, then if they didn’t discard the chosen card, you create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nPiruz, the Fourth Shah	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Azra Noble 	138	B	4BB	When Piruz, the Fourth Shah enters, discard your hand. For each creature card discarded this way, create a 3/3 black Demon creature token with flying. For each other card discarded this way, you gain 3 life.NEWLINEMonument 5BB (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		The Spire of Undeath	B	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	B		At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.				!Sultai\nProfane Emissary	B	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	139	B	BB	Profane Emissary gets +2/+2 and has lifelink as long as you control a Demon.NEWLINEIf you would draw a card, you may instead search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose life equal to that card’s mana value.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Esper\nReckoner of Kaneh	B	cube	Creature – Angel Soldier 	141	B	2B	Lionize 1B  (1B, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEFlying, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, remove all counters from target permanent they control or protect.	3/1		normal	MC25		!Generic\nRhythm of Kaneh	B	cube	Enchantment	142	B	3B	As Rhythm of Kaneh enters, choose Andazir or Mahara.NEWLINE• Andazir – Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player discards a card.NEWLINE• Mahara – Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, amass Soldiers X, where X is that creature’s power.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nSatrapy Overseer	B	cube	Creature – Demon Wizard 	143	B	2BB	FlyingNEWLINETap three untapped Satrapies you control: You may cast target card from your graveyard. Pay life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.	4/4		normal	MC25		!Generic Satrapy\nSettling of Nizev	B	cube	Battle – Encounter   	144	B	3B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Settling of Nizev enters, look at the top four cards of anNEWLINEopponent’s library, exile two of them, and put the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order. You may play those cards for as long as they remain exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast them.			normal	MC25	4	Grixis\nVeindrinker's Cabalist	B	cube	Creature – Vampire Warlock 	153	B	B	Menace, lifelinkNEWLINEOnce during each of your turns, if you would gain life, you may create a tapped Treasure token instead.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Generic\nAshfeaster Ghouls	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Horror 	108	B	B	B: Remove a counter from target permanent.NEWLINE3B: Move a counter from target permanent onto Ashfeaster Ghouls. Ashfeaster Ghouls can’t be blocked this turn.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Nightshaper's Domain		Land	B		Nightshaper’s Domain enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.				\nDark Rite Cultist	B	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	113	B	B	B, T, Pay 1 life, Discard a card, Sacrifice Dark Rite Cultist and another creature: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nImpden Mother	B	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	123	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you don’t control any Imps, you may pay B. If you do, create a 1/1 black Imp creature token.NEWLINESacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nInvoking the Name	B	cube	Sorcery	125	B	B	Search your library for a Demon card or a black card with mana value 6 or greater, reveal it, put that card in your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	127	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEYou may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	MC25		!rul This is an alternate cost, and cannot be combined with any other alterrnate costs. Additional costs may still be paid, and will be paid normally.\nLizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	128	B	3BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEOther Demons you control have flying and lifelink.NEWLINEIf you would create a creature token, you may instead pay 5 life and create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nMind's Contagion	B	cube	Creature – Bird Demon 	131	B	1B	FlyingNEWLINEMind’s Contagion has haste as long as there are two or more creature cards in your graveyard.NEWLINEWhenever Mind’s Contagion deals combat damage to a player, until your next turn, it gains “Noncreature spells opponents cast cost an additional 2 life to cast.”	2/1		normal	MC25		prev: Born by fear of something superior.\nNether Fiend	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	134	B	4BB	Flying, trampleNEWLINENether Fiend enters with a lifelink counter on it.NEWLINEBB, Pay 6 life, Remove a lifelink counter from Nether Fiend: Draw six cards.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nNiu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Ox Demon Monk 	135	B	2B		2/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Niu Mo Wang enters, you may sacrifice a nonland, nontoken permanent. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a nonland, nontoken permanent.NEWLINEB: DemigodNEWLINEEach player discards a card.NEWLINEXB: GodNEWLINEReturn any number of target creature cards not named Niu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution with different mana values X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. X can’t be 0.	class	MC25		\nRapacious Demon	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	140	B	1B	Sacrifice a creature: Rapacious Demon gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nTraverse the Endless Well	B	cube	Enchantment	149	B	B	1B, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card.NEWLINE4B, Pay 3 life, Sacrifice Traverse the Endless Well: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	MC25		fullart\nUndying Lich	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Wizard 	151	B	2BB	When Undying Lich dies, create a 6/3 black Zombie Horror creature token with menace and “When this creature dies, create an 8/5 black Elder Demon Horror creature token with flying, deathtouch, and menace.”	4/1		normal	MC25		\nWarden of the Dead	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	155	B	2BB	When Warden of the Dead enters, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.NEWLINEWhen Warden of the Dead dies, conjure three cards named Warden of the Dead and shuffle them into your main library. For the rest of the game, you may cast spells named Warden of the Dead without paying their mana costs.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nArchfiend of Rage	R	cube	Creature – Manticore Demon 	158	R	3RR	Flying, trampleNEWLINEOnce each turn, when you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may copy it. If you do, you may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	MC25		!Grixis\nAustere Instructor	R	cube	Creature – Human Scientist 	159	R	1R	Once each turn, when you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token. Put a prowess counter on it.	2/1		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nBustling Bazaar	R	cube	Enchantment	164	R	3R	When Bustling Bazaar enters, return target artifact, instant, or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINESacrifice a nontoken artifact: Create two tapped Treasure tokens.			normal	MC25		!Generic\nByte Blitz	R	cube	Sorcery	165	R	R	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEFlashback 1R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!Grixis\nCyrukan Battleaxe	R	cube	Artifact – Equipment 	170	R	2R	Whenever three or more creatures you control attack, you may attach Cyrukan Battleaxe to target attacking creature.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+0 and has double strike.NEWLINEEquip 4			normal	MC25		!Mardu\nDawn Over Avaz	R	cube	Battle – Encounter   	171	R	1RR	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Avaz enters, it deals 3 damage to each creature.			normal	MC25	3	!Mardu\nEfreetspeaker	R	cube	Creature – Nephilim Cleric 	172	R	R	HasteNEWLINEWhen Efreetspeaker dies, create a Treasure token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Temur\nFirebolt	R	cube	Sorcery	177	R	R	Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINEFlashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!Generic\nFiery Efreet	R	cube	Creature – Djinn 	176	R	2R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, judge target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Jeskai\nEnraptured Countess	R	cube	Creature – Human Noble 	174	R	R	Prowess	1/1		adventure	MC25		Blade's Memory	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Copy it. You may cast the copy. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!Jeskai\nFlensing Tormentor	R	cube	Creature – Horror 	178	R	1R	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever an opponent activates an ability that isn’t a mana ability, Flensing Tormentor deals 1 damage to that player.	2/2		modal double faced	MC25		Flamebearer's Domain		Land	R		Flamebearer’s Domain enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.				\nFurious Blow	R	cube	Sorcery	179	R	2R	Furious Blow deals 4 damage to any target.NEWLINE2R, Exile Furious Blow from your graveyard: Search your library for an Ameret planeswalker card or a card named The Lost and Seeking, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		fullart\nHidden Cache	R	cube	Instant	181	R	1R	Scry 2, then create a Treasure token.NEWLINEMonument 2R (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Hadak's Guardian	R	Artifact Creature – Monument Snake 	R		2, Sacrifice a creature or artifact: Hadak’s Guardian deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2			\nIre of Ancient Tomes	R	cube	Instant	182	R	1R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Ire of Ancient Tomes deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.			normal	MC25		\nJal's Spawn	R	cube	Creature – Manticore 	183	R	3R	Lionize 2R (2R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEDouble strike	2/4		normal	MC25		\nMaster of Imports	R	cube	Creature – Human Advisor 	186	R	1R	Whenever a nonbasic nontoken land enters under an opponent’s control, create a tapped colorless land token named Fading Rift with “T, Sacrifice this land: Add one mana of any color.”	2/2		normal	MC25		\nPaygan Archer	R	cube	Creature – Azra Archer 	189	R	R	ProwessNEWLINEWhen Paygan Archer dies, it deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to its power.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nRagavan, Most Wanted	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Pirate 	191	R	R	As long as you control two or more other Pirates, Ragavan has haste.NEWLINEWhenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nSatrapy Protector	R	cube	Creature – Manticore 	193	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINETap five untapped Satrapies you control: Untap all creatures you control. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	MC25		\nSettling of Avaz	R	cube	Battle – Encounter   	195	R	1R	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Settling of Avaz enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.			normal	MC25	1	battleNEWLINEfullart\nShae, Master Evoker	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	196	UR	R	ProwessNEWLINEEach instant and sorcery card with mana value 3 or less in your hand has inscribe. The inscribe cost is equal to its mana cost increased by 1U/R. (Pay that card’s mana cost increased by 1U/R: Exile that card from your hand inscribed on a creature you control. Whenever that creature attacks, its controller may cast a copy of the inscribed card without paying its mana cost. Inscribe only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	MC25		\nShapur, the Fifth Shah	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Nephilim Noble 	197	R	1R	When Shapur, the Fifth Shah enters, exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.NEWLINEMonument 4R (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/1		transform double faced	MC25		Lamp of Endless Possibilities	R	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	R		T: Add R.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.				\nStrongarm	R	cube	Instant	198	R	R	Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn. Create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		\nTake All You Can Carry	R	cube	Sorcery	199	R	1R	Create two 1/1 black Rat Pirate creature tokens.NEWLINEWhenever two or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, you may pay 2 and exile Take All You Can Carry from your graveyard. If you do, create two Treasure tokens.			normal	MC25		\nTruthseeker's Blade	R	cube	Artifact – Equipment 	200	R	1R	When Truthseeker’s Blade enters, it deals 2 damage to target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +2/+0.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	MC25		\nXiyue Dragondancer	R	cube	Creature – Construct Actor 	204	R	2RR	R: Xiyue Dragondancer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever you cycle Xiyue Dragondancer or it attacks, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1R (1R, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/5		normal	MC25		\nBorder Seeker	G	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	214	G	2G	When Border Seeker dies, search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then you gain 1 life for each land you control.	3/1		normal	MC25		\nColossus of Alkabah	G	cube	Creature – Manticore 	217	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINEIf one or more counters would be put on a permanent you control, three times that many counters are put on that permanent instead.	6/6		normal	MC25		fullart\nCrewmaster Gillo	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Pirate 	218	G	1G	When Gillo enters, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. If it’s a creature card, put it into your hand.NEWLINEAs long as you control five or more creatures with different names, creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nCrisis in Avaz	G	cube	Battle – Encounter   	219	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it while you and other players attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Crisis in Avaz enters, search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MC25	3	fullartNEWLINEbattle\nDanaj Sightseer	G	cube	Creature – Angel Scout 	220	WUBRG	1G	1: Danaj Sightseer gains lifelink until end of turn if W was spent to activate this ability. The same is true for flying and U, menace and B, first strike and R, and trample and G.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells and/or activate abilities this turn, put three +1/+1 counters on Danaj Sightseer.	2/2		normal	MC25		fullartNEWLINEMartoob\nDistant Worlds	G	cube	Sorcery	222	G	3G	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEYou may put up to two land cards from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.			normal	MC25		\nFardancer Liege	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid Warrior 	224	G	GG	Fardancer Liege’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of colors of mana that lands you control could produce.	*/*		normal	MC25		\nGolna, the First Shah	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	226	G	2G	When Golna, the First Shah enters, create Shir, a legendary 3/3 white Cat creature token with trample.NEWLINEMonument 5GG (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		The Path of Greatness	G	Legendary Artifact – Monument 	G		Creatures you control have trample, haste, and hexproof.NEWLINE2GG: Create a 2/2 white Cat creature token.				\nHierarch Ranger	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid Ranger 	227	G	G	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINEWhenever Hierarch Ranger encourages a creature, add one mana of any color.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nJobiah, Devoted Farmer	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Goat Druid 	231	G	3G	When Jobiah, Devoted Farmer enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if you control six or more lands with different names, you may transform Jobiah.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Jobiah the World-Shepherd	G	Legendary Creature – God 	G		IndestructibleNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may untap target land you control. If you do, that land becomes an X/X green Beast creature with haste until end of turn, where X is the number of differently named lands you control. It’s still a land.	3/3			\nLasting Legacy	G	cube	Enchantment	232	G	3G	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it is an enchantment. (It still has its abilities, but it’s not a creature or other types.)			normal	MC25		\nLong-Term Method Actor	G	cube	Creature – Construct Elemental 	234	G	2GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cycle Long-Term Method Actor or it attacks, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINEBasic landcycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nMana Ascetic	G	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	235	G	G	T: Add one mana of any color.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nMartoob Beastkeeper	G	cube	Creature – Nephilim Shaman 	236	G	G	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell with more colors than the number of counters on Martoob Beastkeeper, put a +1/+1 counter on Martoob Beastkeeper.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nOphorion Refugee	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid 	238	G	G	T: Add G. If you control an attacking creature, add one mana of any color instead.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nOsk, the Maker's Pet	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Squirrel 	239	WUBRG	G	T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.NEWLINE5WUBRG, Sacrifice Osk, the Maker’s Pet: Create Osk Awakened, a legendary 20/20 green Squirrel God creature token with hexproof, trample, and indestructible.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nRethia Cultivator	G	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	240	G	2G	When Rethia Cultivator enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nRhythm of Danaj	G	cube	Enchantment	241	G	4G	As Rhythm of Danaj enters, choose Martoob or Tamaak.NEWLINE• Martoob – At the beginning of your end step, return a nonland card at random from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Tamaak – At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw cards equal to its power.			normal	MC25		Ground cycleNEWLINEfullart\nSatrapy Courier	G	cube	Creature – Human Advisor 	243	G	2G	VigilanceNEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add CC.”	2/4		normal	MC25		\nSeeker of Untouched Beauty	G	cube	Creature – Elf Shaman 	244	G	G	As long as you control four or more lands, Seeker of Untouched Beauty gets +2/+2 and has trample.NEWLINEWhen Seeker of Untouched Beauty dies, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nSpawn of Andazir	G	cube	Creature – Snake Hydra 	248	G	XG	Spawn of Andazir enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINELionize 2G  (2G, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEWhenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, double the number of +1/+1NEWLINEcounters on it.	0/0		normal	MC25		fullart\nThriving Budling	G	cube	Creature – Treefolk 	250	WUBRG	G	T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce. NEWLINEAugmented – At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells this turn, untap Thriving Budling and put three +1/+1 counters on it.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nVoracious Spawn	G	cube	Creature – Horror 	254	G	1G	Whenever Voracious Spawn enters or attacks, exile up to one target card from a graveyard. If you exile a permanent card, put a +1/+1 counter on Voracious Spawn. If you exile a  nonpermanent card, you gain 1 life.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Fleshweaver's Domain		Land	G		Fleshweaver’s Domain enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.				\nVoidflare	R	cube	Instant	201	R	R	Voidflare deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINEWanderlust – Voidflare deals 3 damage instead if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	MC25		\nChampion of Scales	R	cube	Creature – Human Soldier 	168	R	RR	First strike, hasteNEWLINEWanderlust – At the beginning of combat on each of your turns, if you control four or more differently named lands, you may pay 1R. If you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. Exile that token at end of combat.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nArbor Protector	G	cube	Creature – Treefolk Shaman 	209	G	7GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each differently named land you control.NEWLINEReach, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		\nUndermarket Guildmaster	B	cube	Creature – Human Rogue 	150	B	3B	FlashNEWLINEIf an opponent would draw a card, that player exiles the top card of their library instead. During each player’s turn, that player may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.	2/4		normal	MC25		\nDescend into Insanity	B	cube	Instant	116	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINECreate a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. You lose 2 life.			normal	MC25		\nInfernal Portal	B	cube	Enchantment	124	B	4B	At the beginning of each end step, if a player lost 5 or more life this turn, create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying.			normal	MC25		\nSurge of Darkness	B	cube	Instant	147	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature.			normal	MC25		!banner\nJejun, Dark Hunter	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	126	B	4BB	Bloodprice BBBB (You may cast this card by sacrificing a creature and paying its bloodprice.)NEWLINELifelink, hasteNEWLINESacrifice another Demon: Jejun, Dark Hunter gains flying and indestructible until end of turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		RB01\nLizhao, Lord of the Yaogu	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	129	B	5BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Lizhao, Lord of the Yaogu enters, you may put target creature card from an opponent’s graveyard onto the battlefield tapped and under your control.NEWLINEWhen Lizhao dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature.NEWLINERevive 3BB (3BB, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it has no mana cost. Revive only as a sorcery.)	4/4		normal	MC25		r!artNEWLINEr!ptNEWLINEr!cmcNEWLINEr!ability\nDreadbearer	B	cube	Creature – Leviathan 	119	B	6BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player loses 1 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature.	6/6		normal	MC25		\nStrike from the Shadows	B	cube	Instant	145	B	BB	Destroy target non-Assassin, non-Ninja, non-Rogue creature.			normal	MC25		#G\nSudden Drought	B	cube	Instant	146	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		\nThe Afterlife Takes Its Due	B	cube	Sorcery	107	B	1BBB	Reconstruct 4BBB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)NEWLINEDestroy all creatures. If The Afterlife Takes Its Due was reconstructed, create an X/X black Zombie Horror creature token, where X is the number of creature cards that have been put into graveyards this turn.			normal	MC25		\nVibrant Rapture	B	cube	Sorcery	154	B	XBB	All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn. X can’t be 0.NEWLINEWhenever a creature dies this turn, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		\nAkrianos' Command	W	cube	Instant	9	W	1WW	Choose two –NEWLINE• Target player creates two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.NEWLINE• Exile target attacking creature.NEWLINE• Creatures target player controls gain indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and untap it.			normal	MC25		!update\nEdge of the Water	U	cube	Enchantment	65	U	2U	If you would draw one or more cards, instead you may draw that many cards plus one, then discard a card.NEWLINEAs long as ten or more cards are in your graveyard, noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.			normal	MC25		\nAvid Researcher	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	58	U	1U	Eureka! (At the beginning of each end step, you get a research counter if you cast a spell this turn. Then if you have eight or more research counters, remove them and create a Masterpiece token of your choice.)NEWLINET: Draw a card, then discard a card.	0/1		normal	MC25		\nScuttling Gnat	U	cube	Creature – Insect 	90	U	U	At the beginning of your upkeep, if six or more cards are in your graveyard, you may transform Scuttling Gnat.	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		Vicious Metamorph	U	Creature – Insect 	U		Flying, protection from Dragons	4/3			\nDeparted Evangel	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Monk 	115	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 1 life.NEWLINEDeparted Evangel can’t block.NEWLINEYou may cast Departed Evangel from your graveyard if a creature died this turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nOne Bad Night	B	cube	Instant	136	WUBRG	1B	Destroy target monocolored creature.NEWLINEAugmented – If you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells this turn, return that card to the battlefield under your control.			normal	MC25		\nUnearth	B	cube	Sorcery	152	B	B	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	MC25		FLAVORTEXT\nWhistling Blades	B	cube	Creature – Horror 	156	B	3BB	When Whistling Blades enters, you may destroy target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINERecite 1BB (You may cast this creature from your graveyard for its recite cost. If you do, exile it when it enters or if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/3		normal	MC25		\nCrimson Hellmaw	R	cube	Creature – Zombie Dragon 	169	R	3RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhen Crimson Hellmaw enters, it deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINERevive 5RR (5RR, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it has no mana cost. Revive only as a sorcery.)	3/3		normal	MC25		r!new\nBrazen Sacrilege	R	cube	Instant	163	R	RR	Brazen Sacrilege deals 2 damage to any target. Until end of turn, if a red source you control would deal damage to that player or to that permanent’s controller, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.			normal	MC25		\nAmbitious Truthseeker	R	cube	Creature – Nephilim Warrior 	157	R	3R	Lionize 3R (3R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)NEWLINEMenaceNEWLINEWhenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, create that many Treasure tokens.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nDawn Over Danaj	G	cube	Battle – Encounter   	221	G	3GG	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Dawn Over Danaj enters or is defeated, draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	MC25	4	\nDreaded of Sahra	G	cube	Creature – Demon Warrior 	223	G	6GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Dreaded of Sahra enters, creatures you control become 8/8 Demons in addition to their other types until end of turn.	8/8		normal	MC25		\nSettling of Danaj	G	cube	Battle – Encounter   	245	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Settling of Danaj enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	MC25	4	battleNEWLINEfullart\nMinister of Zealots	R	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	188	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token with haste.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, sacrifice each Cleric token you control unless you’ve cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nAutumnal Watch	R	cube	Creature – Elf Soldier 	160	R	R	Sacrifice a creature: Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nZare, Heart Transformed	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	205	R	3RRR	Other creatures you control get +3/+0.NEWLINEWhen Zare enters, create a 2/1 white Bird creature token with flying and a 3/3 green Horse creature token.NEWLINEWhenever another creature you control attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.	6/3		normal	MC25		\nBlood Cult Covenant	R	cube	Enchantment	162	R	1R	At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINESacrifice a creature, Sacrifice Blood Cult Covenant: Blood Cult Covenant deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	MC25		\nCaller of Hunger	G	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	216	G	1G	1GG, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, where X is 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nInto Strange Territories	G	cube	Enchantment	229	G	3G	Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.NEWLINESacrifice Into Strange Territories: Untap up to two lands.			normal	MC25		\nJade Vault Reclaimer	G	cube	Creature – Human Samurai 	230	G	2G	Spirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE3G, Sacrifice Jade Vault Reclaimer: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/1		normal	MC25		#G\nSacrificial Bull	G	cube	Creature – Ox 	242	G	1G	G: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a land card, put a +1/+1 counter on Sacrificial Bull.NEWLINEG, Sacrifice Sacrificial Bull: You gain life equal to its power.	2/2		normal	MC25		\nWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	255	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE1G: Carnation PetalsNEWLINEYou may cast creature spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE3G: Pecking OrderNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	MC25		\nWorld Made Anew	G	cube	Sorcery	256	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.NEWLINEYou may put a land card you own from outside the game onto the battlefield.			normal	MC25		https://www.artstation.com/artwork/YwyLY\nBeyond All Horizons	G	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	213	G	2G	Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINECoalesce 5GG (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEBeyond All Horizons’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you NEWLINEcontrol.	*/*		normal	MC25		https://www.artstation.com/artwork/rwB65\nFrom Unbidden Realms	G	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	225	G	G	You gain 3 life and you mill three cards.NEWLINECoalesce 5G (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5G. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/6		normal	MC25		\nStand Unassailable	G	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	249	G	1G	You gain 7 life.NEWLINECoalesce 5GG (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	6/4		normal	MC25		\nTower Over The Sky	G	cube	Sorcery – Revelation 	251	G	XGG	Search your library for a card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost if it’s a green creature or Revelation spell with mana value X or less. Then shuffle.NEWLINECoalesce XXGGGG (You may cast this from your graveyard for XXGGGG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/5		normal	MC25		\nTwisted Stampede	G	cube	Sorcery	252	G	5GGG	Create four 3/3 green Elemental creature tokens.NEWLINEFlashback 7GGG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		\nBuild Monsters from Relics	G	cube	Sorcery	215	G	2G	Create a 3/2 green Horror creature token.NEWLINEReconstruct 4G (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		Dream On – Aerosmith \nDoom	B	cube	Sorcery	117	B	2B	Doom deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.NEWLINEReconstruct 3BB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)NEWLINEYou may cast Doom from exile by paying 4BBB rather than its mana cost. If you do, shuffle it into your library instead of putting it anywhere else as it resolves.			normal	MC25		\nKui Mu Lang, Warden Below	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Wolf Monk 	184	R	3R		4/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINEWhen Kui Mu Lang enters, exile a card from your graveyard. When you do, Kui Mu Lang deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to up to one target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE2R: DemigodNEWLINEExile your hand, then draw three cards.NEWLINE4RR: GodNEWLINECast any number of cards exiled with Kui Mu Lang without paying their mana costs.	class	MC25		!design Scribbl\nXijiang, the Fiend Judge	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Crab Spirit 	203	R	1R		2/2	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)NEWLINETrampleNEWLINE2R: DemigodNEWLINECreate a 2/1 black Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”NEWLINE5R: GodNEWLINEUntil end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste and “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target.”	class	MC25		\nHunter's Hideout	G	cube	Enchantment	228	G	1GG	1GG, Discard a card: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if twelve or more cards are in your graveyard, create two 3/3 green Beast creature tokens.			normal	MC25		\nExtraction Mercenary	R	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	175	R	R	When Extraction Mercenary enters, if you attacked this turn, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)NEWLINE4RR: Extraction Mercenary deals 3 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nHorizon Augur	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	71	WUBRG	3U	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, scry 1, then Horizon Augur gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		transform double faced	MC25		Maven of Perspective	WUBRG	Creature – Archon Wizard 	WUBRG		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell, draw a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Maven of Perspective.	5/5			\nTomb Steward	B	cube	Creature – Mutant Rogue 	148	WUBRG	2B	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)NEWLINEWhen Tomb Steward enters, search your library for a card and put it into your graveyard. Then shuffle.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Profaner of Graves	WUBRG	Creature – Archon Rogue 	WUBRG		Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEPay 5 life: Put target permanent card in a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	5/5			\nEmerald Warcaller	R	cube	Creature – Human Warrior 	173	WUBRG	2R	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token with haste. That token attacks this combat if able.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Crimson Skycaller	WUBRG	Creature – Archon Warrior 	WUBRG		FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. That token attacks this combat if able.	5/5			\nSower of Wishes	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid 	247	WUBRG	2G	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)NEWLINEWhen Sower of Wishes enters, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest back on top in any order.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Harbinger of Fantasy	WUBRG	Creature – Archon Druid 	WUBRG		FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your first main phase, you may put any number of land cards from your hand onto the battlefield, then draw a card for each land put onto the battlefield this way.	5/5			\nAvatar of the Natural	G	cube	Creature – Avatar 	211	G	GG	Reach, trampleNEWLINEIf a +1/+1 counter would be put on another creature you control, instead put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and on Avatar of the Natural.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nCasualty of War	R	cube	Instant	167	R	1RR	Casualty of War deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE2RR, Exile Casualty of War from your graveyard: Arm up to two target creatures you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2, then attach it to that creature.)			normal	MC25		\nCalamari Dragon	R	cube	Creature – Squid Dragon 	166	R	3RR	During your turn, cards in your hand have cycling X, where X is the number of cards you’ve discarded this turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token for each card you discarded this turn.NEWLINECycling R (R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/4		normal	MC25		\nHao'Tai, the Ancient One	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	180	R	2RR	Flying, trampleNEWLINEWhenever Hao’Tai, the Ancient One deals combat damage to a player, exile the top four cards of that player’s library. Until end of turn, you may cast instant, sorcery, and creature cards from among those exiled cards, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast them.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nMerkurio's Familiar	R	cube	Creature – Phoenix 	187	R	2RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEXRR, Exile an instant or sorcery card with mana value X from your graveyard: Return Merkurio’s Familiar from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gets +X/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	MC25		\nWorldheart Avatar	R	cube	Creature – Elemental Avatar 	202	WUBRG	3R	Double strikeNEWLINEThe first spell you cast during each of your turns costs WUBRG less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.	2/4		normal	MC25		VORTHOS\nZhu Long, Refulgent Wind	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	206	WUBRG	4R	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Zhu Long enters, if WUBRG was spent to cast it, untap up to five target lands.NEWLINEOnce during each of your turns, when you cast an instant or sorcery spell, if no more than one mana of each color was spent to cast it, you may copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	MC25		\nPurphoros, the Fervid Flame	R	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	190	R	2R	IndestructibleNEWLINEAs long as your devotion to red is less than five, Purphoros isn’t a creature.NEWLINEWhenever you attack, Purphoros deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINE3R: Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.	6/4		normal	MC25		\nRoggar the Furious	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	192	R	1RR	Spirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its costs.) (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE1R, Discard a red card: Roggar deals 2 damage to any target. This damage can’t be prevented.NEWLINE2R, Exile a red card from your graveyard: Create two tapped 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens.	2/1		normal	MC25		\nScorch	R	cube	Sorcery	194	R	R	Scorch deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	MC25		\nNylea, the Wild Chase	G	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	237	G	4G	IndestructibleNEWLINEAs long as your devotion to green is less than five, Nylea isn’t a creature.NEWLINEWhenever another creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.NEWLINE1G: Until end of turn, another target creature you control gains haste and can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or less.	7/7		normal	MC25		\nAncient of the Glade	G	cube	Creature – Elemental 	208	G	3GG	When Ancient of the Glade enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.NEWLINE2, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: That creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nAvatar of Plume de Val	G	cube	Creature – Avatar 	210	G	3G	If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.NEWLINEIf an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts twice that many of those counters on that permanent instead.	4/4		normal	MC25		MSEMCHANGE!cajun\nUntethered Disciple	G	cube	Creature – Insect Monk 	253	G	2GG	Whenever you cast a nongreen spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINEWanderlust – When Untethered Disciple enters, if you control four or more differently named lands, create two 1/1 Scout creature tokens that are all colors.	3/2		normal	MC25		!RG\nBabyscale Bruiser	G	cube	Creature – Lizard Scout 	212	G	1G	When Babyscale Bruiser enters, you may reveal a creature card from your hand. If you do, Babyscale Bruiser deals damage to target creature an opponent controls equal to the revealed card’s power. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Babyscale Bruiser.	2/3		normal	MC25		\nLeyran Alpha	G	cube	Creature – Wolf 	233	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Leyran Alpha enters, create three 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens with haste.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control deals damage to an opponent, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.	4/4		normal	MC25		\nAvaz Citadel		cube	Land – Satrapy 	451	R		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “1R, T, Discard a card: Draw a card.”			normal	MC25		\nAvaz Fortress		cube	Land – Satrapy 	452	R		As Avaz Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Avaz Fortress enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add R.”			normal	MC25		fullart\nAvaz Sanctuary		cube	Land – Satrapy 	453	WR		Avaz Sanctuary enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add R or W.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nAvaz Temple		cube	Land – Satrapy 	454	RG		Avaz Temple enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add R or G.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nBurgeoning Satrapy		cube	Land – Satrapy 	455	C		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	MC25		fullartNEWLINENeutral\nDanaj Citadel		cube	Land – Satrapy 	456	G		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “1G, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”			normal	MC25		\nDanaj Fortress		cube	Land – Satrapy 	457	G		As Danaj Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Danaj Fortress enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		fullart\nDanaj Sanctuary		cube	Land – Satrapy 	458	UG		Danaj Sanctuary enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add G or U.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nDanaj Temple		cube	Land – Satrapy 	459	BG		Danaj Temple enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add B or G.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nKaneh Citadel		cube	Land – Satrapy 	460	B		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “1B, T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”			normal	MC25		\nKaneh Fortress		cube	Land – Satrapy 	461	B		As Kaneh Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Kaneh Fortress enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add B.”			normal	MC25		fullart\nKaneh Sanctuary		cube	Land – Satrapy 	462	WB		Kaneh Sanctuary enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add W or B.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nKaneh Temple		cube	Land – Satrapy 	463	BR		Kaneh Temple enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add B or R.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nMarketplace Crossroads		cube	Land – Satrapy 	464	C		T: Add C.NEWLINETap five untapped Satrapies you control: Add six mana in any combination of colors.			normal	MC25		\nMercantile Satrapy		cube	Land – Satrapy 	465	C		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control enter untapped.			normal	MC25		\nNeutral Citystate		cube	Land – Satrapy 	466	C		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “1, T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		\nNizev Citadel		cube	Land – Satrapy 	467	U		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “U, T: Each opponent mills a card.			normal	MC25		\nNizev Fortress		cube	Land – Satrapy 	468	U		As Nizev Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Nizev Fortress enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add U.”			normal	MC25		fullart\nNizev Sanctuary		cube	Land – Satrapy 	469	UR		Nizev Sanctuary enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add U or R.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nNizev Temple		cube	Land – Satrapy 	470	UB		Nizev Temple enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add U or B.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nShifting City		cube	Land	471	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T, Sacrifice Shifting City: Search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		\nSoli Citadel		cube	Land – Satrapy 	472	W		T: Add C.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “1W, T, Exile a card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.”			normal	MC25		\nSoli Fortress		cube	Land – Satrapy 	473	W		As Soli Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Soli Fortress enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add W.”			normal	MC25		fullart\nSoli Sanctuary		cube	Land – Satrapy 	474	WU		Soli Sanctuary enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add W or U.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nSoli Temple		cube	Land – Satrapy 	475	WG		Soli Temple enters tapped.NEWLINESatrapies you control have “T: Add G or W.”			normal	MC25		!tapped\nSoli Rising	G	cube	Battle – Encounter   	246	G	1G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)NEWLINEWhen Soli Rising enters, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	MC25	3	\nMahnaz of Moonlit Blades	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	185	R	1RR	Armies you control attack each combat if able.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/1		normal	MC25		*Community Legend RW Go WideNEWLINEDesignedNEWLINENEWLINERed RW: Zangy\nHelena, the Awakener	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Helena 	27	W	1WW			[+1]: Create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token. If you control three or more Clerics, you may instead create Aspect of Faradia, a legendary 5/5 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target creature if you control an Angel. Otherwise, that creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated until your next turn.NEWLINE[-7]: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain flying and vigilance until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	3	\nLisa, the Daughter	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human 	35	W	2W	When Lisa, the Daughter enters, create Mother, a legendary 4/1 black Demon creature token with flying and “This creature can’t block.”NEWLINEIf a source would deal damage to Lisa while you control a Demon creature, instead that damage is dealt to a Demon creature you control of your choice.	1/1		normal	MC25		\nMutual Destruction	B	cube	Enchantment	133	B	2BB	Whenever a creature you control dies, destroy target creature you don’t control.			normal	MC25		\nOut-of-Body Experience	W	cube	Instant	41	W	W	Exile target creature. That creature’s controller creates a 1/1 blue Elemental creature token with flying.			normal	MC25		\nForbiddance	U	cube	Instant	67	U	UU	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	MC25		\nBlazing Exultation	R	cube	Instant	161	R	1R	Blazing Exultation deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINE2R: Shuffle Blazing Exultation and up to one other instant or sorcery card from your graveyard into your library.			normal	MC25		!FT: Gynoidpoet\nFatal Decision	B	cube	Sorcery	121	B	1BB	Choose one –NEWLINE• Exile all creature tokens.NEWLINE• Exile target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Each opponent exiles a card from their hand and loses 2 life.			normal	MC25		\nAmorphous Tyrant	G	cube	Creature – Horror 	207	G	3GG	Reach, vigilanceNEWLINEWhen Amorphous Tyrant enters, another target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.NEWLINEEvoke G (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	6/5		normal	MC25		\nSearch for a New Land	U	cube	Enchantment	91	U	1U	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINE2UU, Sacrifice Search for a New Land: Draw two cards.			normal	MC25		prev: "Exploration is courage! Braving the unknown for lands of unfounded promise. But sometimes feels like running away."