Shiftscape Canyon		cube	Land	435	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Shiftscape Canyon: Choose a basic land type other than Plains. Create a colorless land token that’s a Plains and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShiftscape Cascade		cube	Land	436	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Shiftscape Cascade: Choose a basic land type other than Island. Create a colorless land token that’s an Island and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShiftscape Crag		cube	Land	437	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Shiftscape Crag: Choose a basic land type other than Mountain. Create a colorless land token that’s a Mountain and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShiftscape Grove		cube	Land	438	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Shiftscape Grove: Choose a basic land type other than Forest. Create a colorless land token that’s a Forest and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShiftscape Morass		cube	Land	439	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Shiftscape Morass: Choose a basic land type other than Swamp. Create a colorless land token that’s a Swamp and the chosen basic land type. Activate only during your upkeep.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAngelic Barracks		cube	Land	396	WUR		As Angelic Barracks enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add U, R, or W.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECitadel Gates		cube	Land	404	BRG		As Citadel Gates enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add B, R, or G.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECoveted Tower		cube	Land	406	URG		As Coveted Tower enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add G, U, or R.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDen of Vice		cube	Land	407	UBR		As Den of Vice enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add U, B, or R.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDestroyed Isle		cube	Land	409	WUB		As Destroyed Isle enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add W, U, or B.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPristine Chapel		cube	Land	429	WBG		As Pristine Chapel enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add W, B, or G.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEReborn Altar		cube	Land	431	WBR		As Reborn Altar enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add R, W, or B.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESturdy Outpost		cube	Land	442	WUG		As Sturdy Outpost enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add G, W, or U.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESunflower Fields		cube	Land	443	WRG		As Sunflower Fields enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add R, G, or W.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETree of Timelines		cube	Land	445	UBG		As Tree of Timelines enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T: Add B, G, or U.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFormless Eidolon		cube	Creature — Spirit Horror 	3	C	5	Flying, vigilance
When Formless Eidolon enters, create a tapped token that’s a copy of target land you control.
Evoke 3 (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIntrepid		cube	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	379	C	3	Flying
When Intrepid enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Wanderlust — 0: Intrepid becomes an artifact creature until end of turn. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMutalithic Golem		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem Shapeshifter 	383	C	3	You may have Mutalithic Golem enter as a copy of any land on the battlefield, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMorphic Verge		cube	Land	423	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Morphic Verge: Choose two different basic land types. Create a colorless land token that’s the chosen types.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEZareen's Pariah		cube	Creature — Djinn Shaman 	6	WUBRG	6	Zareen’s Pariah is all colors.
Flying
During each of your turns, you may cast a spell of each color from your graveyard.	5/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEElemental Essence		cube	Artifact	367	C	4	T: Add C and one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGilded Guardian		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	371	C	4	Flying
When Gilded Guardian dies, you may search your library for a legendary card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGreater Masticore		cube	Artifact Creature — Masticore 	374	C	6	At the beginning of your upkeep, discard your hand.
2: Greater Masticore deals 1 damage to each other creature.
6, Exile six other cards from your graveyard: Return Greater Masticore from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHaunted Heirloom		cube	Artifact Creature — Spirit Knight 	375	C	2	When Haunted Heirloom dies, create a Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHeartless Army		cube	Artifact Creature — Soldier Army 	377	C	3	If one or more counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESword of Rags and Riches		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	389	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from mana value 2 or less and from mana value 6 or greater.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Food token and two Treasure tokens.
Equip 2			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEXedrios, Progenitor Wyrm		cube	Legendary Artifact Creature — Dragon 	395	WUBRG	6	Flying
2: Copy target activated or triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.
WUBRG: Search your library for a card, exile it, then shuffle. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBustling Marketplace		cube	Land	400	C		Bustling Marketplace can’t be sacrificed.
T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.
0: Bustling Marketplace’s owner may draw a card. If they do, untap Bustling Marketplace and gain control of it until end of turn. Only your opponents may activate this ability and only once each turn during their turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECave of Pleonexia		cube	Land	401	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Cave of Pleonexia: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that player each create a Treasure token. Activate only as a sorcery and only if that land’s controller controls four or more lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChamber of Splendor		cube	Land	402	C		Chamber of Splendor enters tapped.
When Chamber of Splendor enters, you may pay 1. If you do, create a Treasure token.
T: Add C.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENebula of Empty Gold		cube	Land	424	C		As Nebula of Empty Gold enters, choose two or three colors. You lose life equal to the number of colors chosen this way.
T: Add one mana of any of the chosen colors.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENew Divide		cube	Land	425	C		As New Divide enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice New Divide: Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWondrous Bazaar		cube	Land	449	C		T: Add C.
3, T: Create a Treasure token.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEConcordant Palace		cube	Land	405	WG		T: Add G or W. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEidolic Palace		cube	Land	410	WB		T: Add W or B. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEminent Palace		cube	Land	411	WU		T: Add W or U. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEForbidden Palace		cube	Land	413	BR		T: Add B or R. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEForsaken Palace		cube	Land	414	BG		T: Add B or G. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMontane Palace		cube	Land	422	RG		T: Add R or G. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOminous Palace		cube	Land	426	UB		T: Add U or B. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOpalescent Palace		cube	Land	427	UR		T: Add U or R. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERadiant Palace		cube	Land	430	WR		T: Add R or W. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESerene Palace		cube	Land	434	UG		T: Add G or U. You lose 1 life unless you have less life than an opponent.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAutumnal Boscage		cube	Land	397	RG		Autumnal Boscage enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or G.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMolten Mire		cube	Land	421	BR		Molten Mire enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or R.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESplendid Scenery		cube	Land	441	WG		Splendid Scenery enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or W.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWaterfront Market		cube	Land	446	WU		Waterfront Market enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or U.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWhispering Canal		cube	Land	448	UB		Whispering Canal enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or B.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBasin Fortress		cube	Land	398	BG		Basin Fortress enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or G.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBoneyard Pass		cube	Land	399	WB		Boneyard Pass enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or B.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFrostpoint Caldera		cube	Land	415	UR		Frostpoint Caldera enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or R.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESpinerock Canyon		cube	Land	440	WR		Spinerock Canyon enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or W.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThawing Valley		cube	Land	444	UG		Thawing Valley enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or U.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChromatic Lantern		cube	Artifact	364	C	3	Lands you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESword of Silver and Gold		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	390	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from colorless and from multicolored. This effect doesn’t remove Sword of Silver and Gold.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you create a 2/2 colorless Spirit creature token and that player exiles the top three cards of their library.
Equip 2			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEImperial Port		cube	Land	419	C		T: Add C.
1, Discard Imperial Port: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAdrift into Endless Stories	WUG	cube	Enchantment	306	WUG	GWU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player or noncreature permanent, draw a card if it had a counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAminatou, Justicar	WUB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Aminatou 	307	WUB	1WUB	Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard. Create a 1/1 white Insect creature token with flying.		[+1]: Scry 2. Create a 1/1 black Insect creature token with flying.
[-2]: Judge each creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)
[-8]: For each card type, search your library and graveyard for a card of that type and exile it, then shuffle. You may play any number of cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs.	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMEAngel of Infinite Faces	WUG	cube	Creature — Angel Shaman 	308	WUG	1GWU	Flying
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, create a 3/3 white Angel creature token with flying.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECall of the Huma	WUR	cube	Instant	314	WUR	1URW	Return up to one target noncreature, nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.
Call of the Huma deals 4 damage to any target.
Exile Call of the Huma.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChampion of Foibles	BRG	cube	Creature — Azra Wizard 	315	BRG	BRG	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Champion of Foibles becomes a Demon with base power and toughness 6/6, flying, and trample until end of turn.
3B: Judge target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChampion of Ideals	WUG	cube	Creature — Nephilim Warrior 	316	WUG	GWU	As long as Champion of Ideals has one or more +1/+1 counters on it, it’s an Angel with base power and toughness 4/4, flying, vigilance, and lifelink.
3G: Judge target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChosen of Aminatou	WUB	cube	Creature — Angel Wizard 	317	WUB	2WUB	Flash
Flying, lifelink, deathtouch
When Chosen of Aminatou enters, scry 2, then draw a card.	3/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGuardian of the Devout	WBR	cube	Creature — Angel Cleric 	322	WBR	3RWB	Flying, haste
Whenever Guardian of the Devout attacks or blocks, other creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMaaru, Tomb Guardian	BRG	cube	Legendary Creature — Snake 	325	BRG	3BRG	When Maaru, Tomb Guardian enters, create three Treasure tokens.
Each Treasure you control is an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of Treasures you control.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENakia, Infinity Seer	WUR	cube	Legendary Creature — Angel Cleric 	329	WUR	2URW	Flying
Prowess
At the beginning of each end step, scry X, you gain X life, and Nakia, Infinity Seer deals X damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of noncreature spells you’ve cast this turn.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnruly Magus	UBR	cube	Creature — Azra Rogue Wizard 	344	UBR	UBR	Haste
Prowess
Whenever Unruly Magus deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEYa'Ling, the Rune-Drake	WUG	cube	Legendary Creature — Drake 	346	WUG	1GWU	Flying
Whenever another creature you control enters, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever you put a +1/+1 counter on Ya’Ling, put a +1/+1 on each other creature you control. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOrlesia, First of the Sen	WUB	cube	Legendary Artifact Creature — Wizard 	331	WUB	WUB	Your opponents play with the top card of their library revealed.
Your opponents can’t cast spells during your turn.
You may play lands and cast spells from the top of an opponent’s library during your turn.	1/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDayang's Displeasure	WUB	cube	Instant	319	WUB	WUB	Choose two or four —
• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
• Each player sacrifices a creature.
• Each player sacrifices a noncreature, nonland permanent.
• Conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArcanist's Reaver	UBR	cube	Creature — Zombie Beast 	310	UBR	UBR	If you casting a noncreature spell causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENefarox, Strifelord	UBR	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	330	UBR	2UBR	Flying
1U, Exile an instant card from your graveyard: Draw a card.
1B, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
1R, Exile a sorcery card from your graveyard: Nefarox, Strifelord deals 3 damage to each opponent.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMETumultipede	BRG	cube	Creature — Insect 	342	BRG	2BRG	At the beginning of your end step, draw a card if a creature died this turn. Then Tumultipede deals 2 damage to each opponent if two or more creatures died this turn. Then create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens if three or more creatures died this turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAntali Archdruid	WRG	cube	Creature — Cat Druid 	309	WRG	RGW	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Whenever Antali Archdruid attacks, if two or more lands you control entered this turn, Antali Archdruid deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESoulwrought Songster	UBR	cube	Creature — Demon Horror 	338	UBR	2UBR	Prowess, trample
During your turn, each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard has flashback. The flashback cost is equal to that card’s mana cost plus “Pay X life, where X is this card’s mana value.”	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInciter of Spirits Scorned	BRG	cube	Creature — Goat Shaman 	361	BRG	2R/GB	Haste
When Inciter of Spirits Scorned enters, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	3/2		normal	MC25		JundREPLACEMEBreyga, Frontier Expert	WRG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	358	WRG	1R/WG	If you would draw a card, you may instead choose creature or land and exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards exiled this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/3		normal	MC25		NayaREPLACEMESatyr Celebrant	WRG	cube	Creature — Satyr Shaman 	337	WRG	2RGW	Other creatures you control that entered this turn have haste and lifelink.
T: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESalim and Certo	WRG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Salim Certo 	336	WRG	1RGW			[+2]: Exile the top two cards of your library. You may put a permanent card from among them into your hand.
[-3]: Create Salim, a legendary 3/3 green and white Cat creature token with vigilance, trample, and indestructible.
[-3]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a creature you control enters, that creature gets +2/+2 and gains haste until end of turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	REPLACEMECalenfyr	WBG	cube	Legendary Creature — Dryad Avatar 	359	WBG	2G/WB	Deathtouch
Once each turn, when another nontoken creature you control enters, you may sacrifice it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a green Dryad in addition to its other types.	3/4		normal	MC25		AbzanREPLACEMEStreets of Mustasheen	WBG	cube	Enchantment	339	WBG	1WBG	At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature or enchantment card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature or enchantment. If you do, draw a card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERain Zai, Spiritscale	WBG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Rain 	333	WBG	WBG	Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard. Create a 1/1 green Spirit Snake creature token with deathtouch.
You may sacrifice a Spirit. When you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
Exile target nonland permanent until Rain Zai, Spiritscale leaves the battlefield. You gain 2 life.		[+1]: Mill two cards. Create a 1/1 green Spirit Snake creature token.
[0]: You may sacrifice a Spirit. When you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
[-2]: Exile another target nonland permanent until Rain Zai leaves the battlefield. You gain 2 life.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEMortal Benediction	WBG	cube	Sorcery	362	WBG	W/BG	Choose up to one target land card and up to one target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. Return one to the battlefield and the rest to your hand.			normal	MC25		AbzanREPLACEMEA Recipe for Disaster	UBG	cube	Enchantment — Saga 	334	UBG	1BGU			
Mill four cards. 
Return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Return target creature or non-Saga enchantment card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
You may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard without paying it mana cost	saga	MC25		REPLACEMEEryth, Mire Dredger	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature — Hag Warlock 	360	UBG	3U/BG	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put each card in your graveyard on the bottom of your library in a random order, then mill six cards.
During each of your turns, you may play a land and cast a permanent spell from your graveyard.	3/4		normal	MC25		SultaiREPLACEMEDali, the Eyes of Danaj	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature — Sphinx Noble 	318	UBG	3BGU	Flying, ward 3
Whenever you cast a spell from your hand, you may exile target card that shares a type with it from a graveyard. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEIneptitude	URG	cube	Legendary Creature — Horror Incarnation 	324	URG	2GUR	Flying
When Ineptitude enters, untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. Put three stun counters on that creature. It gets +3/+3 and gains haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMia, Into the Unknown	URG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	327	URG	GUR	Whenever a land you control enters, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)
10: Shuffle any number of other permanents you control into their owner’s library. Mill that many cards. Put all permanents cards milled this way onto the battlefield. Activate only during your turn and only once each turn.	1/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMain Role Maiden	URG	cube	Creature — Construct Noble 	326	URG	GUR	Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, create a Treasure token. If that spell’s mana value is 6 or greater, draw a card. If that spell’s mana value is 8 or greater, Main Role Maiden deals 4 damage to each creature and planeswalker you don’t control.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOver the Moon	URG	cube	Enchantment — Saga 	332	URG	GUR			
Over the Moon deals 4 damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker.
Until end of turn, spells you cast with mana value 4 or greater cost 1 less to cast and can’t be countered.	saga	MC25		REPLACEMEHost of the Celebration	WUR	cube	Creature — Horror 	323	WUR	URW	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, any number of target creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever a creature you control deals an amount of combat damage exactly equal to its mana value to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThe Ardent Prodigy	WUR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	311	WUR	URW	Haste, prowess
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, journey. (To journey, exile the top card of your library face up. Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, put a journeyed card you own into your hand.)	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEA Bond that Spans Planes	WBR	cube	Enchantment — Saga 	312	WBR	1RWB			
Return up to X target creature cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of lore counters on A Bond that Spans Planes.	saga	MC25		REPLACEMEUpdraft Dancer	WBR	cube	Creature — Human 	345	WBR	2RWB	At the beginning of each combat, harmonize twice. (To harmonize, trigger up to one harmony of a permanent you control.)
Harmony — Target creature gets +1/+1 and your choice of flying, haste, or vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBrandy Axel, Combat's Baby	WBR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	313	WBR	RWB	Whenever you attack or cast a multicolored spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Brandy Axel.
If Brandy Axel would be destroyed, remove a +1/+1 counter from her. If you do, instead remove all damage from her and she deals 2 damage to each opponent.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEmperor Dan Te Mogui	UBG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	320	UBG	BGU	Inspired — Whenever Emperor Dan Te Mogui becomes untapped, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard, one on the bottom of your library, and one on top.
When Emperor Dan Te Mogui dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPower Plant		cube	Land	428	C		T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a multicolored spell.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEContemplate the Cosmos	WU	cube	Instant	259	WU	2WU	Scry 2, then draw two cards. You gain 2 life.
Monument 2WU (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Orrey of the Cosmos	WU	Artifact — Monument 	WU		At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1, then you gain 1 life.				!WUB ControlREPLACEMEFight for Succession	WB	cube	Instant	281	WB	2WB	Destroy target nonland permanent.
Monument WB (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Chalice of Fallen Foes	WB	Artifact — Monument 	WB		At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.				!WUB ControlREPLACEMESalome	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Salome 	265	UB	4UB			Whenever you cast your second spell during each of your turns, you may activate one of Salome’s loyalty abilities.
[+1]: Draw a card. Untap up to two lands.
[-4]: Destroy all creatures.
[-8]: You get an emblem with “You may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for the second spell you cast each turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!WUB ControlREPLACEMEEsmerie, Skysworn General	WU	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	261	WU	WU	Flying, vigilance
Embattled creatures you control have ward 1.  (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on one of those creatures.	2/2		normal	MC25		!GWU CountersREPLACEMENozar, Dunesea Merchant	UG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Merchant 	304	UG	GU	If another creature with a +1/+1 counter on it you control would die, instead remove a counter from it. If you do, it phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!GWU CountersREPLACEMEAjani Resolute	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ajani 	277	WG	2GW	s
s
s		[+1]: Distribute two +1/+1 counters among up to two target creatures. You gain 2 life.
[-1]: Create a 2/2 green Cat Warrior creature token.
[-3]: Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
[-7]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +X/+X, where X is your life total.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!GWU CountersREPLACEMEBitter Duckling	UB	cube	Creature — Bird 	262	UB	UB	At the beginning of your end step, mill two cards. Then if ten or more cards are in your graveyard, transform Bitter Duckling.	1/3		transform double faced	MC25		Nightsong Swan	UB	Creature — Bird 	UB		Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, mill seven cards, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.
If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.	3/3			!UBR FlashbackREPLACEMEOmegalomania	BR	cube	Enchantment	270	BR	3BR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Omegalomania deals 2 damage to any target. Whenever a permanent you don’t control dealt damage this way dies this turn, return it to the battlefield tapped under your control.			normal	MC25		!UBR SpellsREPLACEMEAtieh, Seer of Distant Futures	WU	cube	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Advisor 	257	WU	1WU		2/2	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flash
When Atieh enters, return target noncreature spell to its owner’s hand.
WU: Angel
You gain 2 life and draw a card.
2WU: Elder
Atieh gains “Each opponent can’t cast more than one spell each turn.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEFahrib, the Ever-Scheming	UB	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	264	UB	UB		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
You may play cards exiled with Fahrib and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to play them.
UB: Demon
Each player exiles a card from their hand.
4UB: Elder
Exile the top five cards of each player’s library. Fahrib gains “Spells you cast from anywhere other than your hand cost 2 less to cast.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEAndazir, First to Aspire	BR	cube	Legendary Creature — Mutant Warlock 	266	BR	4BR		6/6	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Andazir enters or transcends, each opponent sacrifices a nonland permanent.
1BR: Demon
Create four 1/1 black Snake creature tokens with deathtouch.
2BR: Elder
You draw three cards and you lose 3 life.	class	MC25		REPLACEMESahra, Hadak's Last Warrior	RG	cube	Legendary Creature — Ogre Warrior 	273	RG	3RG		7/7	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Haste
At the beginning of combat on your turn, sacrifice Sahra unless he entered the battlefield or transcended this turn.
RG: Demon
Discard up to two cards. Draw that many cards plus one.
2RG: Elder
Destroy each artifact and enchantment you don’t control.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEAbwad Kahroba, Failed Son	WG	cube	Legendary Creature — Mutant Warrior 	276	WG	1GW		3/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Vigilance, trample
GW: Demon
Abwad Kahroba gains “At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.”
XGW: Elder
Create X 2/1 black Horror creature tokens. You gain X life.	class	MC25		fullart
He/him
!inpend Demon\\n/replace/Demon — !inpend Elder\\n/replace/Elder — REPLACEMEMahara, General of All	WB	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	283	WB	4WB		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Mahara enters, if you cast them, destroy all other creatures.
WB: Angel
You gain 4 life and amass Soldiers 4. (Put four +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)
5WB: Elder
Amass Soldiers 20.	class	MC25		REPLACEMERahstahde, Brand of Truth	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	288	UR	UR		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
The first instant or sorcery spell you cast on each of your turns costs U/R (or 1) less to cast.
UR: Angel
Put a flying counter and a prowess counter on Rahstahde.
5UR: Elder
Exile any number of instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	class	MC25		REPLACEMETamaak the Arid Swarm	BG	cube	Legendary Creature — Insect 	295	BG	2BG		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
Tamaak the Arid Swarm can only transcend if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.
BG: Demon
Create two 1/1 black Insect creature tokens with flying.
XBG: Elder
Destroy each other nonland, nontoken permanent with mana value X or less.	class	MC25		REPLACEMECyrukan of Heart and Iron	WR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	298	WR	3RW		6/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Cyrukan enters or transcends, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with haste.
2RW: Angel
Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.
3RW: Elder
Creatures you control gain lifelink and vigilance until end of turn.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEMartoob of Flowing Life	UG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	303	UG	2GU		4/4	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Vigilance
Martoob of Flowing Life has ward X, where X is the number of counters on her.
GU: Angel
Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.
2GU: Elder
Double the number of counters on permanents you control.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEVeeni, High Truthseeker	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble Wizard 	290	UR	1UR	Haste
Prowess
If casting a noncreature spell would cause an ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	2/1		normal	MC25		!URW ProwessREPLACEMEGhulish Unearthing	BR	cube	Sorcery	269	BR	BR	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste until end of turn.
Monument 3BR (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Obelisk of Absolute Rule	BR	Artifact — Monument 	BR		At the beginning of your end step, judge target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)				!BRG SacrificeREPLACEMESahra, the Consuming	RG	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	274	WRG	3RG	Trample, haste
When Sahra, the Consuming enters or attacks, sacrifice a permanent.
At the beginning of your end step, transform Sahra unless you’ve sacrificed two or more permanents this turn.	6/6		transform double faced	MC25		Cyrukan, the Vast	WR	Legendary Creature — Elder Angel 	WRG		Indestructible
Whenever Cyrukan attacks, choose one —
• Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
• Create a Weapon token and attach it to target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)
At the beginning of each end step, if you control three or more tokens, transform Cyrukan.   	6/3			REPLACEMEKahroba, Forefather of All	WG	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	279	WUG	3GW	If a creature would die, exile it instead with an ancestry counter on it.
Kahroba gets +X/+X, where X is the total power of creature cards exiled with ancestry counters on them.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more cards exiled with ancestry counters on them, transform Kahroba.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Atieh, Savior of Destiny	WU	Legendary Creature — Elder Angel 	WUG		Flying, hexproof
At the beginning of your end step, put an exiled card with an ancestry counter on it on the bottom of its owner’s library, then scry 2. If there is exactly one card exiled with an ancestry counter on it, transform Atieh.	4/4			REPLACEMEMahara, the Universal	WB	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Angel 	284	WBR	3WB	Indestructible
Whenever this creature enters or transforms into Mahara, recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)
At the beginning of your end step, if you control four or more creatures, transform Mahara.	4/3		transform double faced	MC25		Andazir, the Crownless	BR	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	WBR		Protection from instants and from sorceries
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice another creature. For each creature sacrificed this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Andazir, the Crownless.
At the beginning of your end step, if you control four or fewer creatures, transform Andazir.	6/6			REPLACEMERahstahde, Word of Truth	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Angel 	289	UBR	2UR	Prowess
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card.
At the beginning of your end step, if you have four or more cards in hand, transform Rahstahde.	4/4		transform double faced	MC25		Fahrib, Tale of Deceit	UB	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	UBR		Hexproof
Discard two cards: You may cast target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard this turn. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.
At the beginning of your end step, if you have two or fewer cards in hand, transform Fahrib.	4/4			newart REPLACEMEMartoob, Blessing of Water	UG	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Angel 	302	UBG	3GU	Flying
Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.
At the beginning of each end step, if you control no untapped lands, transform Martoob, Blessing of Water.	5/5		transform double faced	MC25		Tamaak, Drought of Life	BG	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	UBG		Flying
Whenever a player taps a land for mana, return that land to its owner’s hand unless they pay 1 life.
At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent controls no tapped lands, transform Tamaak, Drought of Life.	5/5			REPLACEMERuinous Naga	RG	cube	Creature — Snake Warrior 	272	RG	1RG	Trample
Whenever a noncreature permanent is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Ruinous Naga.	3/3		adventure	MC25		Spit on the Grave	RG	Sorcery — Tale 	RG	RG	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Spit on the Grave deals 2 damage to that permanent’s controller.				!BRG SacrificeREPLACEMEArchive Guardian	BG	cube	Creature — Elemental 	291	BG	2BG	When Archive Guardian enters, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
Recite 1BG (You may cast this creature from your graveyard for its recite cost. If you do, exile it when it enters or if it would leave the battlefield.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!BRGREPLACEMETyrant of Tributes	RG	cube	Creature — Dragon 	275	RG	6RG	Flying
When Tyrant of Tributes enters, target opponent sacrifices X permanents, where X is half the number of permanents they control, rounded up. You gain X life.	6/6		normal	MC25		!RGWREPLACEMETenvilu, Earthen Warden	WG	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Wurm 	280	WG	4GW	Flash
When Tenvilu, Earthen Warden enters, other creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		transform double faced	MC25		Birth of Reloncarü	WG	Legendary Enchantment	WG	2GW	Legacy (You may play this side of this card only from your graveyard. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
Permanents you control have lifelink and “T: Add one mana of any color.”				!RGWREPLACEMEQuinn, the Performer	WR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Actor 	300	WR	2RW	Haste
Whenever Quinn or another creature you control enters, tap all creatures your opponents control.	3/2		normal	MC25		!RGWREPLACEMETitanic Fossil		cube	Artifact	392	UB	2	3, Sacrifice Titanic Fossil: Mill three cards, then you may cast another card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery.
3UB: Return Titanic Fossil from your graveyard to the battlefield transformed. Activate only during your turn.			transform double faced	MC25		Arisen Tyrant	UB	Creature — Nautilus 	UB		Trample
Whenever Arisen Tyrant attacks, mill three cards, then you may cast a card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost.
If Arisen Tyrant would die, exile it instead.	5/5			!SultaiREPLACEMERecall Forgotten Eons	UG	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	305	UG	1GU	Draw two cards. You may play an additional land this turn.
Coalesce 5GU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/6		normal	MC25		!UBGREPLACEMEDai Gui, Pillar of Sea and Sky	UG	cube	Legendary Creature — Turtle Monk 	301	UG	2GU		2/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Dai Gui enters, create a 1/1 green and blue Bird creature token with flying and “T: Add one mana of any color.”
XXGU: Demigod
You gain X life and you draw X cards. X can’t be 0.
XXGU: God
Put up to X creature cards from your hand onto the battlefield.	class	MC25		!URGREPLACEMEHannah, Aethertechnician	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	287	UR	1UR	Whenever you make first contact, create a Treasure token. (You make first contact the first time each turn you cast a spell with a name not in your graveyard or control already.)
T, Return an artifact with mana value X you control to its owner’s hand: You may cast a spell with mana value X plus 1 or less and with a different name from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	MC25		!URGREPLACEMEOne of Purpose	WR	cube	Creature — Human Monk 	299	WR	RW	Prowess
When One of Purpose enters, if you cast it, create a Function token with “If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it. You may cast it from exile until the end of your next turn.”	2/2		normal	MC25		!URWREPLACEMEDesraen, Serpent's Will	WU	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	260	WU	2WU	Rapport — Whenever Desraen, Serpent’s Will and at least one other creature you control become tapped, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.	2/4		normal	MC25		!URWREPLACEMEDeath Pits Hawker	BR	cube	Creature — Orc Rogue 	267	BR	BR	Haste
Whenever another creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	MC25		!RWBREPLACEMEAzun, Sheriff of Daisite	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Azun 	297	WR	1RW			[+1]: Tap up to one target creature. Azun, Sheriff of Daisite deals 1 damage to each opponent.
[-1]: Exile another target nonland permanent until Azun, Sheriff of Daisite leaves the battlefield.
[-7]: Detain each permanent target opponent controls.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!RWBREPLACEMEIshim's Meddling	WB	cube	Enchantment	282	WB	WB	Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
2WB: Ishim’s Meddling becomes a 4/4 Angel creature with flying and vigilance until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!WBGREPLACEMEBvala, Queen of the Swarm	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Bvala 	278	WG	4GW			[+1]: Create a green enchantment token named Swarm with “At the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.”
[-2]: Create a green enchantment token named Survive with “Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain life equal to its power.”
[-4]: Create a green enchantment token named Scrounge with “Whenever a creature you control enters, draw a card.”	planeswalker	MC25	4	!WBGREPLACEMECd-hr, Raid Leader	BG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Cd-hr 	293	BG	2BG			[+1]: Untap up to one target creature. It gains deathtouch until your next turn.
[-2]: Target player sacrifices a creature. Return a permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
[-5]: Put any number of permanent cards from your graveyard onto the battlefield, then sacrifice that many permanents.	planeswalker	MC25	3	!WBGREPLACEMEAtieh's Destiny	WU	cube	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	258	WU	WU	Whenever Atieh’s Destiny or another creature you control enters, you gain 1 life and scry 1.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDelve for Treasures	UB	cube	Instant	263	UB	XUB	Repeat the following process X times. Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDjinn of the Waning Candle	BR	cube	Creature — Djinn Wizard 	268	BR	2BR	1, Sacrifice a creature: Create a Treasure token. Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		fullart
Sacrifice
Andazir NEutralREPLACEMEBoon of the Pacts	BG	cube	Enchantment	292	BG	1BG	At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a non-Snake creature or Boon of the Pacts. Then create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card.
Spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAmeret, Pride of Cyrukan	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ameret 	296	WR	2RRWW			As long as it’s your turn, Ameret is a 4/4 Angel creature with flying, haste, indestructible, and “Whenever Ameret attacks, attach any number of Equipment you control to them.”
[+2]: Create two 1/1 red and white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink.
[-3]: Ameret deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. You gain 4 life.
[-4]: For each creature you control, create a Weapon token and attach it to that creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	planeswalker	MC25	6	REPLACEMEChi Lee of the Underworld	BG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	294	BG	BG	Whenever Chi Lee attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, create a 4/4 black Demon creature token with “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.”	2/1		normal	MC25		!UBGREPLACEMEWill of a Fickle Lord	WU	cube	Enchantment	348	WU	2W/UW/U	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, you may exile target permanent that player controls. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENeural Contagion	UB	cube	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	349	UB	3U/BU/B	Enchant opponent
Enchanted player plays with the top card of their library revealed.
You may cast the top card of enchanted player’s library, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast it.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGlinthide Hero	UG	cube	Creature — Lizard Warrior 	357	UG	1G/UG/U	Prismatic — Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, draw a card.	2/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThe Lost and Seeking	WR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	356	WR	R/W	Whenever another legendary creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on The Lost and Seeking.
Surpass 4RW (4RW: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		Ameret, Shining and Proud	WR	Legendary Planeswalker — Ameret 	WR				As this permanent transforms into Ameret, Shining and Proud, counters on them become loyalty counters instead.
[+1]: Until end of turn, you may have Ameret become an X/X Angel creature with flying, indestructible, and haste, where X is the number of counters on them.
[-2]: Create three 1/1 red and white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink and haste.		REPLACEMEYe Feng, Lotus Apothecary	BG	cube	Legendary Creature — Rat Druid 	355	BG	B/G	T, Sacrifice another creature: Return target creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOracle's Disciple	UR	cube	Creature — Human Wizard Knight 	354	UR	U/RU/R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAll-Enduring Mafua	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Mafua 	353	WB	2W/BW/B			[+1]: Until end of turn, All-Enduring Mafua becomes a 5/5 Cat Warrior creature with lifelink and indestructible. (He doesn’t lose loyalty while he’s not a planeswalker.)
[-2]: Exile target creature.
[-X]: Return each creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMEOpportunistic Raiders	BR	cube	Creature — Human Rogue 	350	BR	2B/RB/R	Bleed 1B/R (You may cast this spell for its bleed cost if an opponent has lost life this turn.)
Haste
When Opportunistic Raiders enters, if it’s your main phase, after this phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMELumbering Ox	RG	cube	Creature — Ox Warrior 	351	RG	1R/GR/G	Trample
Lumbering Ox gets +1/+1 for each land you control.
At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may exile it and repeat this process.
You may play cards exiled with Lumbering Ox.	0/0		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnlikeliest Heroes	WG	cube	Creature — Mouse Army 	352	WG	G/W	G/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes doesn’t have a +1/+1 counter on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
2G/WG/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes has a +1/+1 counter on it and doesn’t have vigilance, put two +1/+1 counters and a vigilance counter on it.
3G/WG/WG/W: If Unlikeliest Heroes has vigilance and not indestructible, put four +1/+1 counters and an indestructible counter on it.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESiaveed, Commander of Armies	WB	cube	Legendary Creature — Nephilim Noble 	285	WB	WB	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose life equal to the number of Armies you control, then recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!WBRREPLACEMEThe Grand Simurgh	WUBRG	cube	Legendary Creature — Chimera 	321	WUBRG	WUBRG	Flying
When you cast The Grand Simurgh, search your graveyard and the top five cards of your library for any number of nonlegendary creature cards with total mana value 5 or less and put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEZareen Kahroba, Shah	WUBRG	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	347	WUBRG	WUBRG	When Zareen Kahroba, Shah enters, if you cast her, untap each Satrapy you control.
Whenever each Satrapy you control becomes tapped for the first time during each of your turns, untap it.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGuardians of Kallian's Tomb	RG	cube	Artifact	271	WUBRG	1RG	T: Create a Treasure token.
WUBRG: Until end of turn, Guardians of Kallian’s Tomb becomes a 5/5 Ox artifact creature and gains trample and “Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent unless they have you draw two cards.”			normal	MC25		!URGREPLACEMETempting Shahmaran	WUBR	cube	Creature — Snake Warlock 	341	WUBR	WUBR	When Tempting Shahmaran enters, gain control of target creature. Untap it and it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, exile that creature and put X +1/+1 counters on Tempting Shahmaran, where X is that creature’s power.
Tempting Shahmaran has all activated abilities of cards exiled with it.	2/2		normal	MC25		!4CREPLACEMESahra's Harbinger	UBRG	cube	Creature — Demon Warlock 	335	UBRG	UBRG	Flying
When Sahra’s Harbinger enters, reveal the top six cards of an opponent’s library and separate them into two piles. That opponent chooses one of those piles and puts it into their hand. You may cast any number of nonland cards in the other pile without paying their mana costs.	5/5		normal	MC25		!4CREPLACEMESwooping Manticore	WBRG	cube	Creature — Manticore 	340	WBRG	BRGW	This spell can’t be countered.
Flying, menace, haste
Ward—Sacrifice a creature. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices a creature.)	4/4		normal	MC25		black red green white
four color creature cycleREPLACEMEMuktann Protectors	WURG	cube	Enchantment	328	WURG	RGWU	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 2/1 white Sand creature token with flying.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 3/1 red Sand creature token with haste.
Whenever you cast an enchantment or artifact spell, create a 2/2 blue Sand creature token with hexproof.
Whenever a land you control enters, create a 3/3 green Sand creature token.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETwice Blessed	WUBG	cube	Enchantment	343	WUBG	2GWUB	If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead.
If you would draw a card, draw two cards instead.
If you tap a permanent for mana, it produces twice as much of that mana instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHidden Garden Entrance		cube	Land	417	WUBRG		T, Sacrifice Hidden Garden Entrance: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Monument WUBRG (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Cosmic Contraption		Artifact	WUBRG		When Cosmic Contraption enters or leaves the battlefield, you may reveal a noncreature card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand.				REPLACEMEFeather of the Simurgh		cube	Legendary Artifact	368	WUBRG	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
WUBRG, T, Exile Feather of the Simurgh: Exile a white enchantment card, a blue instant card, a black battle card, a red sorcery card, and a green creature card from your graveyard. If you exiled five cards this way, cast any number of them without paying their mana costs.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEEntelan Deep Storage	UR	cube	Enchantment	286	UR	2UR	Hexproof
At the beginning of your upkeep, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.			normal	MC25		!UBRREPLACEMECelestial Concordance	W	cube	Sorcery	17	W	3WW	Choose one —
• Destroy all creatures.
• Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.			normal	MC25		!Generic WipeREPLACEMEChange of Station	W	cube	Instant	18	W	W	Exile target creature. That creature’s controller creates a 1/1 white Soldier creature token, then judges that token. (They honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)			normal	MC25		!Generic RemovalREPLACEMEUnwrite	W	cube	Instant	54	W	1W	Choose one —
• Unwrite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	MC25		!Generic RemovalREPLACEMEOnce More with Heart	W	cube	Sorcery	39	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value is less than 3, you gain life equal to the difference.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEJourney's End	W	cube	Instant	31	W	1W	Put target creature or planeswalker on the bottom of its owner’s library. Its controller may scry 1.			normal	MC25		!Generic RemovalREPLACEMEBeyond the Veil	W	cube	Enchantment	14	W	1W	When Beyond the Veil enters, if it was cast, another target nonland permanent phases out.  (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)
Nonland permanents you don’t control with mana value 3 or less can’t phase in.			normal	MC25		!Generic RemovalREPLACEMEAyala's Blessing	W	cube	Enchantment	12	W	3W	When Ayala’s Blessing enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to two target creatures.
Whenever an embattled creature you control dies, you may return it to its owner’s hand. (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)			normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMEEnd of Days	W	cube	Sorcery	25	W	3WW	Choose a nonland permanent type, then destroy all nonland permanents that aren’t of the chosen type.			normal	MC25		!Generic WipeREPLACEMEMari, Dawn Resurgent	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Mari 	38	W	4WW			[+1]: Exile up to one target tapped creature.
[-2]: Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying.
[-3]: Destroy all creatures. You gain 1 life for each creature destroyed this way.
[-7]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of each end step, you gain life equal to twice the life you’ve lost this turn.”	planeswalker	MC25	5	!Generic WipeREPLACEMEOstracizer Orb	W	cube	Artifact	40	W	1W	When Ostracizer Orb enters, exile target nonartifact, nonland permanent until Ostracizer Orb leaves the battlefield.			normal	MC25		!Generic RemovalREPLACEMEPolytheism	W	cube	Enchantment	43	W	6WWW	When Polytheism enters, return up to four target permanent cards not named Polytheism from your graveyard to the battlefield. They become 4/4 God creatures in addition to their other types.
Gods you control have indestructible.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMECalfu, Greatest Toqui		cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior Noble 	2	WUBRG	4	Calfu, Greatest Toqui is all colors.
As long as there are five or more basic land types among lands you control, other creatures you control get +2/+1 and have vigilance.
When Calfu dies, you may search your library for a card named Heart of Carü Mapu, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	3/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHeart of Carü Mapu		cube	Legendary Artifact	376	C	4	Heart of Carü Mapu enters tapped.
T: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECastigated Sister	W	cube	Creature — Horror Cleric 	16	W	W	Whenever another creature or enchantment you control enters, you gain 1 life.
3WW, Pay 5 life: Castigated Sister becomes a 5/5 Angel Horror with flying. (This effect doesn’t end at end of turn.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!Generic (Angels)REPLACEMEEtlan High Priest	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	26	W	W	Stampede — Whenever Etlan High Priest and a creature with greater power attack, Etlan High Priest gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Then you gain 1 life and scry 1.	1/2		normal	MC25		!NayaREPLACEMEHerald of the White Orchid	W	cube	Creature — Human Soldier 	28	W	W	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)
Whenever a creature deals combat damage to a player, if it was encouraged by Herald of the White Orchid this turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEWaxing Angel	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	55	W	W	Flying, lifelink
At the beginning of each end step, if you gained 3 or more life this turn, choose one —
• Put a +1/+1 counter on Waxing Angel.
• Exile target artifact or enchantment.	1/1		normal	MC25		!Esper + AngelsREPLACEMESatrapy General	W	cube	Creature — Angel Warrior 	48	W	2W	Flying
Tap three untapped Satrapies you control: Recruit. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	3/3		normal	MC25		!Generic SatrapiesREPLACEMEConchhorn Shinygrabber	W	cube	Creature — Turtle Knight 	19	WUBRG	1W	Slipstream (This creature can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)
Whenever Conchhorn Shinygrabber attacks, you may pay 1. If you do, create a Treasure token.
WUBRG: Conchhorn Shinygrabber gets +3/+3 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Generic 5CREPLACEMEDisciple of Faradia	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	23	W	2WW	When Disciple of Faradia enters, search your library for an Angel or Aura card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle. You gain life equal to its mana value.
As long as you control an Angel, Disciple of Faradia gets +2/+2, has flying, and is an Angel in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	MC25		!Generic AngelsREPLACEMEMajor Benjamin Stout	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Soldier 	37	W	3WW	Double strike, vigilance
Whenever Major Benjamin Stout enters, attacks, or dies, recruit.  (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/4		normal	MC25		!AbzanREPLACEMEDawn Over Soli	W	cube	Battle — Encounter   	21	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Soli enters or is defeated, look at the top five cards of your library. Put up to one creature card with mana value 2 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	MC25	3	!AbzanREPLACEMESeraph of Sunset	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	50	W	4WW	Flying, vigilance, lifelink
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)	5/5		normal	MC25		!Esper + AngelsREPLACEMESavior-Tactician	W	cube	Creature — Angel Soldier 	49	W	3WW	Lionize 1W (1W, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying
Other creatures you control get +1/+1.	4/4		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMESeraph of the Stage	W	cube	Creature — Construct Angel 	51	W	2WW	Flying
Whenever you cycle Seraph of the Stage or it attacks, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)
Basic landcycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		!Generic AngelsREPLACEMEPromised Exaltation	W	cube	Creature — Angel Spirit  	44	W	3WW	Flying
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, choose one —
• Exile target creature with power less than that creature’s power.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on that creature.
• That creature gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn. Untap it.	5/5		normal	MC25		!Generic AngelsREPLACEMEZareen, the Second Shah	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	56	W	2W	When Zareen, the Second Shah enters, search your library for a creature card with mana value 2 or less or a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Monument 2WW (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Throne of Soli	W	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	W		Each creature you control enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Each planeswalker you control enters with an additional loyalty counter on it.				!GenericREPLACEMEHollow Simulacrum	W	cube	Enchantment	30	W	2WW	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a white Angel creature token with flying and that creature’s name and base power and toughness.			normal	MC25		!AbzanREPLACEMEHigh Priest of Kahroba	W	cube	Creature — Azra Cleric 	29	W	2W	Prowess
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you gain life equal to its mana value.	2/3		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEAtieh's Elite	W	cube	Creature — Angel Cleric 	10	W	2WW	Flying
When Atieh’s Elite enters, judge another target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)
Whenever you honor a creature, until end of turn, that creature has base power and toughness 4/4, gains flying, and becomes an Angel in addition to its other types.	3/2		normal	MC25		!Bant + AngelsREPLACEMEAberrant Apostle	W	cube	Creature — Horror Cleric 	7	W	1W	Sacrifice Aberrant Apostle: Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Exile target card from a graveyard.	2/1		modal double faced	MC25		Shroudmaker's Domain		Land	W		Shroudmaker’s Domain enters tapped.
T: Add W.				!GenericREPLACEMEBlessing from Wings on High	W	cube	Enchantment	15	W	1WW	When Blessing from Wings on High enters, you may search your library for an Angel or Nephilim card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. 
Creatures you control get +1/+0.			normal	MC25		!Generic AngelsREPLACEMEUnderpass Sentinel	W	cube	Creature — Dwarf Soldier 	53	W	1W	Vigilance
Whenever Underpass Sentinel enters or attacks, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control without one.
Sacrifice Underpass Sentinel: Embattled creatures you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.  (A creature is embattled if it has a counter on it or has a permanent you control attached to it.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMEQueen Hannaru	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble Soldier 	46	W	1WW	Whenever Queen Hannaru enters or attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more +1/+1 counters among creatures you control, you may transform Queen Hannaru.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Hannaru the Conqueror	W	Legendary Creature — God 	W		Indestructible
Whenever Hannaru the Conqueror attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	4/4			!BantREPLACEMELuna, Loyal Friend	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Fox 	36	W	1W	When Luna enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter or loyalty counter on target creature or planeswalker.
Whenever another creature or planeswalker enters, you may exile Luna. Return her to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step.	1/1		normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMEEmbodied Soul	W	cube	Legendary Enchantment	24	W	W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, upgrade Embodied Soul.
• Flying  • First strike  • Vigilance  • Lifelink
W: Until end of turn, if Embodied Soul isn’t a creature, it becomes a 0/0 Spirit Avatar enchantment creature with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each different kind of counter on it.”			normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEParish Paragon	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	42	W	1W	Parish Paragon gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.
All damage that would be dealt to other creatures you control not named Parish Paragon is dealt to Parish Paragon instead.	0/0		normal	MC25		!MarduREPLACEMEQueen Andarli, the Fierce	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble Soldier 	45	W	1W	First strike
Other creatures you control have protection from mana value 3 or greater.	2/1		normal	MC25		!MarduREPLACEMEBearer of the Lantern	W	cube	Creature — Human Soldier 	13	W	1WW	When Bearer of the Lantern enters, you gain 3 life.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)	2/3		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMESoli Arbalist	W	cube	Creature — Nephilim Ranger 	52	W	3W	Whenever Soli Arbalist or a nontoken Angel or Nephilim you control enters, amass Soldiers 2. If it was an Angel, amass Soldiers 4 instead. (To amass Soldiers 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!Esper + AngelsREPLACEMECrisis in Soli	W	cube	Battle — Encounter   	20	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Soli enters, amass Soldiers 3. (Create three +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control an Army, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	MC25	3	!AbzanREPLACEMEAvaz Rising	W	cube	Battle — Encounter   	11	W	4W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Avaz Rising enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature becomes an Army in addition to its other types.			normal	MC25	4	!AbzanREPLACEMERuneclad Seeker	W	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	47	W	W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Runeclad Seeker gets +1/+1 until end of turn. If that spell was an Aura or Equipment spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Runeclad Seeker instead.	1/2		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEDeliverance Branch	W	cube	Enchantment	22	W	3WW	Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each noncreature spell you’ve cast this turn.
When Deliverance Branch enters, create three 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens with lifelink.			normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEAbjuration Savant	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	8	W	1W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Abjuration Savant. It gains flying until end of turn.
When Abjuration Savant dies, you gain life equal to its toughness.	1/1		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEJusticiar Overseer	W	cube	Creature — Angel Soldier 	32	W	2W	Flash
Flying
When Justiciar Overseer enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	MC25		!Esper AngelsREPLACEMEKnight of Valimir	W	cube	Creature — Human Knight Avatar 	33	W	2W	Whenever one or more other creatures you control enter, upgrade each creature you control. (Give each one of the listed counters it doesn’t already have. Upgrades are independent.)
• +1/+1          • Flying          • First strike
• Vigilance          • Lifelink	2/2		normal	MC25		!Naya BeatdownREPLACEMELijing, the True Divinity	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	34	W	2WW	Vigilance
Whenever Lijing, the True Divinity or another nontoken creature you control enters, choose one —
• Create a 1/1 white Fox Spirit creature token.
• Invigorate 1. (Choose a creature with the least power among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	3/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDawn Over Nizev	U	cube	Battle — Encounter   	63	U	3UU	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Nizev enters, draw three cards.
When Dawn Over Nizev is defeated, exile it. If you do, you may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.			normal	MC25	6	!GenericREPLACEMEGolden Age	U	cube	Enchantment	69	U	2UU	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a Treasure token. Then if you control fifteen or more artifacts, creatures, and/or enchantments, you win the game.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEJahan, the Third Shah	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Nephilim Noble 	72	U	3UU	When Jahan, the Third Shah enters, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then draw three cards.
Monument 3UU (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Cup of Jahan	U	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	U		You may look at the top card of your library.
T: You may play the top card of your library.				!GenericREPLACEMEMarilye, the Thieving Blade	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Marilye 	75	U	2UU			You may spend mana as if it was mana of any color to cast cards exiled with Marilye.
[+1]: Exile the top card of each opponent’s library. Until end of turn, you may cast spells from among those exiled cards.
[-3]: Exile target creature. You may cast that card. If you don’t, return it to its owner’s hand.
[-7]: Gain control of up to five target nonland permanents.	planeswalker	MC25	4	!GenericREPLACEMEMartoob Lifeshaper	U	cube	Creature — Nephilim Wizard 	76	U	2U	Lionize 2U (2U, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.	1/1		normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMEOne Person's Trash	U	cube	Sorcery	80	U	1U	Reprise 3U  (As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may exile one card with reprise from your graveyard and pay its reprise cost. If you do, add its effects to that spell.)
Create a Treasure token. You draw cards equal to the number of tokens created by this spell.			normal	MC25		!TemurREPLACEMEOpulent Ankulim	U	cube	Creature — Elemental 	81	U	2U	Whenever you cast your first instant or sorcery spell each turn, create a Treasure token.	2/3		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMESatrapy Merchant	U	cube	Creature — Djinn Wizard 	89	U	5UU	Flash
Satrapies you control have “T: Draw a card.”	5/5		normal	MC25		!Generic SatrapiesREPLACEMESettling of Soli	U	cube	Battle — Encounter   	93	U	1U	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Soli enters, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25	3	GenericREPLACEMEStreetwise Spellseeker	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	98	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Streetwise Spellseeker. Then if its power is 5 or greater, create a 4/4 white Angel Soldier creature token with flying.	1/3		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMETyrant of the Depths	U	cube	Creature — Construct Merfolk 	101	U	3UU	Tyrant of the Depths has hexproof as long as it’s untapped.
Whenever you cycle Tyrant of the Depths or it attacks, tap target nonland permanent you don’t control and put a stun counter on it.
Basic landcycling 1U (1U, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	5/5		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEWildershrine Pilgrimage	U	cube	Sorcery	106	U	1U	Surveil 1, then draw a card. (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)
Create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!TemurREPLACEMEWayfarer's Shrine		cube	Land	447	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChanneling Stone		cube	Land	403	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color that a basic land you control could produce.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDesert Temple		cube	Legendary Land — Desert 	408	C		Desert Temple enters tapped.
As Desert Temple enters, an opponent of your choice chooses Oasis or Desiccation.
• Oasis — T: Add one mana of any color.
• Desiccation — T: Add CC. You lose 1 life.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHeart of Zhedina		cube	Legendary Land	416	C		T: Add C.
Wanderlust — T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands. If you control seven or more, you may add three mana of that color instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELotus Barrens		cube	Land	420	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Lotus Barrens: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless land token named Lotus Spring with “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERoyal Domain		cube	Land	433	C		T: Add C.
2, T: Add three mana of any one color.
3, T: Create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThe High Prairies		cube	Legendary Land	418	C		Vanishing 5 (This permanent enters with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
The High Prairies enters tapped.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEZhedina Exchange		cube	Land	450	C		When Zhedina Exchange enters, choose a basic land type.
Basic lands you control of the chosen type have “T: Add one mana of any color.”
T: Add C.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAzamir, Wayward Titan		cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Azamir 	1	C	8			You may play cards exiled with Azamir planeswalkers.
[+2]: Search each player’s library for a card and exile it. Shuffle each library searched this way.
[-3]: Each opponent chooses a permanent they control for each permanent type, then exiles those permanents.
[-8]: Exile all cards your opponents own from outside the game. Until end of turn, you may cast spells without paying their mana costs and you may play cards exiled with Azamir planeswalkers.	planeswalker	MC25	5	REPLACEMECoalition Relic		cube	Artifact	365	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
T: Put a charge counter on Coalition Relic.
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, remove all charge counters from Coalition Relic. Add one mana of any color for each charge counter removed this way.			normal	MC25		Reprint.REPLACEMEMettalia, Light from Above		cube	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct 	382	WUBRG	4	Mettalia is all colors.
Mettalia has protection from each color among cards she’s salvaged in exile.
When Mettalia enters, for each color, you may salvage a nonlegendary card of that color. (You may exile them from your graveyard until this creature leaves the battlefield. Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, put a card it salvaged into your hand.)	4/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERunic Pillars		cube	Artifact	386	C	4	Runic Pillars enters tapped.
T: Add CCC.
2: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMakshi, Patron of Blades		cube	Legendary Creature — Horror Warrior 	4	WUBRG	5	When Makshi, Patron of Blades enters, search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Add WUBRG. Spend this mana only to cast Equipment spells and activate abilities of Equipment.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnravel Shattered Worlds		cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	5	C	2	Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Unravel Shattered Worlds.
Coalesce 7 (You may cast this from your graveyard for 7. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWeeping Lotus		cube	Artifact	394	C	2	Weeping Lotus enters with five petal counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a petal counter from Weeping Lotus. If you do, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGilded Lotus		cube	Artifact	372	C	5	T: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGate of Realms		cube	Artifact	369	C	3	When Gate of Realms enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put that card into your hand. If you do, shuffle.
10, T: Gate of Realms deals 3 damage to any target. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each different name among lands you control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESealed Riftway		cube	Artifact	387	C	1	When Sealed Riftway enters, exile up to one target card from a graveyard.
2, T, Sacrifice Sealed Riftway: Exile target player’s graveyard. Draw a card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERenewal Grove		cube	Land	432	C		T, Sacrifice Renewal Grove: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If Renewal Grove entered since your last upkeep, that land doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	MC25		Fixing
!changed
!note nbslotREPLACEMEFabled Passage		cube	Land	412	C		T, Sacrifice Fabled Passage: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control four or more lands, untap that land.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMana Rose		cube	Artifact	380	C	1	When Mana Rose enters, you gain 2 life and scry 2.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGilded Spyglass		cube	Artifact	373	C	2	3, T: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a colorless card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGilded Gearhulk		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	370	C	6	Haste
When Gilded Gearhulk enters, you may destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent.	4/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMETitan Snare		cube	Artifact	391	C	2	Spells with mana value 5 or greater can’t be cast.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAcademic's Claymore		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	363	C	2	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it and draw a card.
Equip 1			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECortex Coil		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	366	C	2	Living weapon (When this Equipment enters, create a 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/-1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.
Equip 1			normal	MC25		!design Scribbl
!CommunityREPLACEMEHorn of Seasons		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	378	C	3	When Horn of Seasons enters, search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Equipped creature gets +3/+0.
Equip 3 (3: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESetessan Armaments		cube	Artifact — Equipment 	388	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has ward 2 and “Whenever this creature attacks, draw a card, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.”
Equip 2			normal	MC25		KEYWARDREPLACEMEMerchant's Outpost		cube	Artifact	381	C	3	At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card.
At the beginning of your end step, discard a card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMERestored Automaton		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	384	C	X	Restored Automaton enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	0/0		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERippling Curtain		cube	Artifact	385	C	3	At the beginning of your end step, aetherize target permanent you control. (To aetherize, create a token that’s a copy of it, then exile that token.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnicorn of the Vale		cube	Artifact Creature — Unicorn 	393	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
T, Sacrifice Unicorn of the Vale: Add three mana of any one color.	1/1		normal	MC25		truecolorlessREPLACEMESeeker of Mysteries	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	92	U	U	Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEWanderer of Many	U	cube	Creature — Raccoon Monk 	103	U	U	When a creature scavenges Wanderer of Many, create a token that’s a copy of that creature. Put a +1/+1 counter on the copy.
Scavenge 3U (3U, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card’s power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMESwarm of the Dispossessed	U	cube	Creature — Spirit 	99	U	U	Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 1. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Swarm of the Dispossessed.
Sacrifice Swarm of the Dispossessed: Counter target spell with mana value X, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Swarm of the Dispossessed.	1/1		normal	MC25		!BantREPLACEMEJuyu Offering Pool	U	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	73	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Juyu Offering Pool enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
1U: Scales of Shara
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
6UU: Eye of Shojiro
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEPsionic Rebuke	U	cube	Instant	84	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. 
Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMECosmic Sinkhole	U	cube	Instant	61	U	XU	Converge — Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each color of mana spent to cast Cosmic Sinkhole.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMECursory Glance	U	cube	Instant	62	U	1U	Counter target spell with mana value 3 or less.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEPortal Fracture	U	cube	Instant	82	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.
Wanderlust — If that spell has mana value 2 or less and you control four or more differently named lands, counter that spell.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMERedo	U	cube	Instant	87	U	UU	Counter target spell unless its controller pays its mana cost. (For example, if a spell costs 1UU, its controller must pay 1UU.)			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEMonkeyshines	U	cube	Sorcery	79	U	U	Look at the top two cards of your library. You may put both of those cards into your graveyard or back on top of your library in any order.
Draw a card.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEWatch from Above	U	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	104	U	U	Target player mills two cards.
Draw a card.
Coalesce 6U (You may cast this from your graveyard for 6U. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	4/6		normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMEWheat from Chaff	U	cube	Sorcery	105	U	U	Draw two cards, then discard two cards.
Investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEFlood of Information	U	cube	Sorcery	66	U	4U	Return all creatures with toughness 3 or less to their owners’ hands.
Investigate three times.  (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEDuncaster Nightwatcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Detective 	64	U	3U	When Duncaster Nightwatcher enters and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, return target noncreature, nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEHasan of Clashing Truths	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Azra Wizard 	70	U	3UU	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand, put that card onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves.
Whenever a face-down creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may exile it. If you do, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.	4/4		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMESteward of Second Sphere	U	cube	Creature — Avatar Wizard 	97	WU	3U	You may reveal the second card you draw each turn as you draw it. When you do, create a 2/2 blue Avatar Wizard creature token with prowess if it’s a creature card. If it’s a land card, create a Treasure token. If it’s a noncreature, nonland card, Steward of Second Sphere can’t be blocked this turn.
3W/UW/U: Scry 2.	3/2		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEShatter Mortal Conveyances	U	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	94	U	6U	Return each nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.
Coalesce 6UUU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 6UUU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
Hexproof	7/3		normal	MC25		!SultaiREPLACEMEReveal Eternities	U	cube	Instant	88	U	1U	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback 3U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!SultaiREPLACEMEReconstructed Adept	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	86	U	1U	Flash
Prowess
When Reconstructed Adept enters, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains agonize until end of turn. (You may cast this card from your graveyard by putting a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)	1/2		normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMEProdigious Panya	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	83	U	U	Flash
Flying
Prodigious Panya has base power and toughness 4/4 during extra turns.	1/1		adventure	MC25		Great Escapade	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	3UU	If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!TemurREPLACEMESphinx of Ill Omens	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	96	U	2UUU	Flying
When Sphinx of Ill Omens enters, return target permanent to its owner’s hand.
Discard a card: Target creature or player gains hexproof until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEFractured Prodigy	U	cube	Creature — Construct Wizard 	68	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, sacrifice Fractured Prodigy. If you do, create two tokens that are copies of Fractured Prodigy.	3/2		normal	MC25		!TemurREPLACEMESpectrum Archmage	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	95	U	2UU	Flash
Flying
When Spectrum Archmage enters, return target spell to its owner’s hand, then abound.  (To abound, you may cast a nonland card that costs less than this from your hand without paying its mana cost.)	3/1		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMECephalovorous Flukes	U	cube	Creature — Worm Horror 	59	U	1U	Flash
When Cephalovorous Flukes enters, counter target spell or ability that targets you or a permanent you control.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Deepdrinker's Domain		Land	U		Deepdrinker’s Domain enters tapped.
T: Add U.				!GenericREPLACEMEMirrorsoul Mage	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	78	U	1U	Prowess
Whenever you cast your first noncreature spell during each of your turns, create a 1/1 blue Reflection Wizard creature token with prowess.	1/1		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEQing Long, Capricious Wind	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	85	U	4UU	Flash
Flying, protection from sorceries
You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may cast spells from the top of your library as long as it’s not your main phase.	5/5		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEAcolyte of Water	U	cube	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	57	U	2U	Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Water.
Surpass 5U (5U: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Acolyte of Life	U	Creature — Angel Cleric 	U		Flying
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Life.
Remove two counters from Acolyte of Life: It phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/3			!BantREPLACEMEMaster Negotiator	U	cube	Creature — Human Pirate 	77	U	2U	When Master Negotiator enters, you may gain control of target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. If you do, its controller may draw a card. Otherwise, you draw a card.	2/2		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEConsult on Ages Lost	U	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	60	U	3U	Create two 1/2 blue Bird creature tokens with flying.
Coalesce 5UU (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5UU. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		normal	MC25		 !GrixisREPLACEMEWade Through	U	cube	Sorcery	102	U	XUU	Draw X cards. Then if X is 2 or greater, you may discard any number of cards. For each card discarded this way, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMETerraformer's Globe	U	cube	Artifact	100	U	U	When Terraformer’s Globe enters, draw a card.
T: Target land you control becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMELurzog, Kytherax's Disciple	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Zombie Wizard 	74	UB	2U	At the beginning of your end step, any number of target players mill three cards.
5U/B, T: You may cast target instant or sorcery card from an opponent’s graveyard without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/4		normal	MC25		!SultaiREPLACEMEAssault of the Conscripted	B	cube	Instant	109	B	XBB	Recruit X times. You lose X life.  (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)			normal	MC25		!MarduREPLACEMEAstral Assassination	B	cube	Sorcery	110	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
Flashback 4BB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMECrisis in Kaneh	B	cube	Battle — Encounter   	111	B	1BB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Kaneh enters, destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker.			normal	MC25	3	!GenericREPLACEMEDanaj Rising	B	cube	Battle — Encounter   	112	B	1B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Danaj Rising enters, target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. You lose 1 life.			normal	MC25	3	!GenericREPLACEMEDawn Over Kaneh	B	cube	Battle — Encounter   	114	B	XB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Kaneh enters, return any number of creature cards from your graveyard with total mana value X or less to the battlefield. They become Armies in addition to their other types.			normal	MC25	X	!MarduREPLACEMEDoomed Explorer	B	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	118	B	B	Deathtouch
When Doomed Explorer dies, create a Treasure token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!AbzanREPLACEMEDutybound Ghul	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Rogue 	120	B	2B	Menace
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, each opponent discards a card if it’s your turn. Otherwise, each opponent loses 2 life.	3/2		normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMEGreedstoker Demon	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	122	B	2BB	Flying, trample
When Greedstoker Demon enters, you lose X life and create X Treasure tokens, where X is your devotion to black. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)
You can’t sacrifice more than one Treasure each turn.	5/4		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEMerchant of Flesh	B	cube	Creature — Naga Advisor 	130	B	3B	Whenever Merchant of Flesh or another creature you control dies, create a Treasure token.
B, Sacrifice two Treasures: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	4/2		normal	MC25		!JundREPLACEMEA Most Important Prince	B	cube	Creature — Construct Noble 	132	B	1BB	Menace
Whenever you cycle A Most Important Prince or it attacks, each opponent with two or more cards in hand discards a card.
Basic landcycling 1B (1B, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEPay Up	B	cube	Sorcery	137	B	B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. If you can’t, they discard a card. Otherwise, that player discards a card, then if they didn’t discard the chosen card, you create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEPiruz, the Fourth Shah	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Azra Noble 	138	B	4BB	When Piruz, the Fourth Shah enters, discard your hand. For each creature card discarded this way, create a 3/3 black Demon creature token with flying. For each other card discarded this way, you gain 3 life.
Monument 5BB (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		The Spire of Undeath	B	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	B		At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.				!SultaiREPLACEMEProfane Emissary	B	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	139	B	BB	Profane Emissary gets +2/+2 and has lifelink as long as you control a Demon.
If you would draw a card, you may instead search your library for a Demon card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. You lose life equal to that card’s mana value.	2/2		normal	MC25		!EsperREPLACEMEReckoner of Kaneh	B	cube	Creature — Angel Soldier 	141	B	2B	Lionize 1B  (1B, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying, lifelink
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, remove all counters from target permanent they control or protect.	3/1		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMERhythm of Kaneh	B	cube	Enchantment	142	B	3B	As Rhythm of Kaneh enters, choose Andazir or Mahara.
• Andazir — Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player discards a card.
• Mahara — Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, amass Soldiers X, where X is that creature’s power.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMESatrapy Overseer	B	cube	Creature — Demon Wizard 	143	B	2BB	Flying
Tap three untapped Satrapies you control: You may cast target card from your graveyard. Pay life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.	4/4		normal	MC25		!Generic SatrapyREPLACEMESettling of Nizev	B	cube	Battle — Encounter   	144	B	3B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Nizev enters, look at the top four cards of an
opponent’s library, exile two of them, and put the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order. You may play those cards for as long as they remain exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast them.			normal	MC25	4	GrixisREPLACEMEVeindrinker's Cabalist	B	cube	Creature — Vampire Warlock 	153	B	B	Menace, lifelink
Once during each of your turns, if you would gain life, you may create a tapped Treasure token instead.	1/1		normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEAshfeaster Ghouls	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Horror 	108	B	B	B: Remove a counter from target permanent.
3B: Move a counter from target permanent onto Ashfeaster Ghouls. Ashfeaster Ghouls can’t be blocked this turn.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Nightshaper's Domain		Land	B		Nightshaper’s Domain enters tapped.
T: Add B.				REPLACEMEDark Rite Cultist	B	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	113	B	B	B, T, Pay 1 life, Discard a card, Sacrifice Dark Rite Cultist and another creature: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEImpden Mother	B	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	123	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you don’t control any Imps, you may pay B. If you do, create a 1/1 black Imp creature token.
Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInvoking the Name	B	cube	Sorcery	125	B	B	Search your library for a Demon card or a black card with mana value 6 or greater, reveal it, put that card in your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	127	B	3BB	Flying
You may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.
B, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	MC25		!rul This is an alternate cost, and cannot be combined with any other alterrnate costs. Additional costs may still be paid, and will be paid normally.REPLACEMELizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	128	B	3BB	Flying, lifelink
Other Demons you control have flying and lifelink.
If you would create a creature token, you may instead pay 5 life and create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMind's Contagion	B	cube	Creature — Bird Demon 	131	B	1B	Flying
Mind’s Contagion has haste as long as there are two or more creature cards in your graveyard.
Whenever Mind’s Contagion deals combat damage to a player, until your next turn, it gains “Noncreature spells opponents cast cost an additional 2 life to cast.”	2/1		normal	MC25		prev: Born by fear of something superior.REPLACEMENether Fiend	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	134	B	4BB	Flying, trample
Nether Fiend enters with a lifelink counter on it.
BB, Pay 6 life, Remove a lifelink counter from Nether Fiend: Draw six cards.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMENiu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Ox Demon Monk 	135	B	2B		2/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Niu Mo Wang enters, you may sacrifice a nonland, nontoken permanent. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a nonland, nontoken permanent.
B: Demigod
Each player discards a card.
XB: God
Return any number of target creature cards not named Niu Mo Wang, Ashen Absolution with different mana values X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. X can’t be 0.	class	MC25		REPLACEMERapacious Demon	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	140	B	1B	Sacrifice a creature: Rapacious Demon gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMETraverse the Endless Well	B	cube	Enchantment	149	B	B	1B, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card.
4B, Pay 3 life, Sacrifice Traverse the Endless Well: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEUndying Lich	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	151	B	2BB	When Undying Lich dies, create a 6/3 black Zombie Horror creature token with menace and “When this creature dies, create an 8/5 black Elder Demon Horror creature token with flying, deathtouch, and menace.”	4/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWarden of the Dead	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	155	B	2BB	When Warden of the Dead enters, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
When Warden of the Dead dies, conjure three cards named Warden of the Dead and shuffle them into your main library. For the rest of the game, you may cast spells named Warden of the Dead without paying their mana costs.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArchfiend of Rage	R	cube	Creature — Manticore Demon 	158	R	3RR	Flying, trample
Once each turn, when you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may copy it. If you do, you may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMEAustere Instructor	R	cube	Creature — Human Scientist 	159	R	1R	Once each turn, when you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Human creature token. Put a prowess counter on it.	2/1		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEBustling Bazaar	R	cube	Enchantment	164	R	3R	When Bustling Bazaar enters, return target artifact, instant, or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Sacrifice a nontoken artifact: Create two tapped Treasure tokens.			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEByte Blitz	R	cube	Sorcery	165	R	R	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
Flashback 1R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!GrixisREPLACEMECyrukan Battleaxe	R	cube	Artifact — Equipment 	170	R	2R	Whenever three or more creatures you control attack, you may attach Cyrukan Battleaxe to target attacking creature.
Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has double strike.
Equip 4			normal	MC25		!MarduREPLACEMEDawn Over Avaz	R	cube	Battle — Encounter   	171	R	1RR	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Avaz enters, it deals 3 damage to each creature.			normal	MC25	3	!MarduREPLACEMEEfreetspeaker	R	cube	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	172	R	R	Haste
When Efreetspeaker dies, create a Treasure token.	1/1		normal	MC25		!TemurREPLACEMEFirebolt	R	cube	Sorcery	177	R	R	Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.
Flashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		!GenericREPLACEMEFiery Efreet	R	cube	Creature — Djinn 	176	R	2R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, judge target creature you control. (Honor it by putting a +1/+1 counter on it or condemn it by sacrificing it to draw a card.)	2/2		normal	MC25		!JeskaiREPLACEMEEnraptured Countess	R	cube	Creature — Human Noble 	174	R	R	Prowess	1/1		adventure	MC25		Blade's Memory	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Copy it. You may cast the copy. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!JeskaiREPLACEMEFlensing Tormentor	R	cube	Creature — Horror 	178	R	1R	Menace
Whenever an opponent activates an ability that isn’t a mana ability, Flensing Tormentor deals 1 damage to that player.	2/2		modal double faced	MC25		Flamebearer's Domain		Land	R		Flamebearer’s Domain enters tapped.
T: Add R.				REPLACEMEFurious Blow	R	cube	Sorcery	179	R	2R	Furious Blow deals 4 damage to any target.
2R, Exile Furious Blow from your graveyard: Search your library for an Ameret planeswalker card or a card named The Lost and Seeking, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEHidden Cache	R	cube	Instant	181	R	1R	Scry 2, then create a Treasure token.
Monument 2R (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)			transform double faced	MC25		Hadak's Guardian	R	Artifact Creature — Monument Snake 	R		2, Sacrifice a creature or artifact: Hadak’s Guardian deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2			REPLACEMEIre of Ancient Tomes	R	cube	Instant	182	R	1R	Choose one —
• Ire of Ancient Tomes deals 2 damage to any target.
• Target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEJal's Spawn	R	cube	Creature — Manticore 	183	R	3R	Lionize 2R (2R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Double strike	2/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMaster of Imports	R	cube	Creature — Human Advisor 	186	R	1R	Whenever a nonbasic nontoken land enters under an opponent’s control, create a tapped colorless land token named Fading Rift with “T, Sacrifice this land: Add one mana of any color.”	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPaygan Archer	R	cube	Creature — Azra Archer 	189	R	R	Prowess
When Paygan Archer dies, it deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to its power.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERagavan, Most Wanted	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Pirate 	191	R	R	As long as you control two or more other Pirates, Ragavan has haste.
Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESatrapy Protector	R	cube	Creature — Manticore 	193	R	2RR	Flying
Tap five untapped Satrapies you control: Untap all creatures you control. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESettling of Avaz	R	cube	Battle — Encounter   	195	R	1R	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Avaz enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.			normal	MC25	1	battle
fullartREPLACEMEShae, Master Evoker	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	196	UR	R	Prowess
Each instant and sorcery card with mana value 3 or less in your hand has inscribe. The inscribe cost is equal to its mana cost increased by 1U/R. (Pay that card’s mana cost increased by 1U/R: Exile that card from your hand inscribed on a creature you control. Whenever that creature attacks, its controller may cast a copy of the inscribed card without paying its mana cost. Inscribe only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEShapur, the Fifth Shah	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Nephilim Noble 	197	R	1R	When Shapur, the Fifth Shah enters, exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card. If that spell would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead.
Monument 4R (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	2/1		transform double faced	MC25		Lamp of Endless Possibilities	R	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	R		T: Add R.
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.				REPLACEMEStrongarm	R	cube	Instant	198	R	R	Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn. Create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETake All You Can Carry	R	cube	Sorcery	199	R	1R	Create two 1/1 black Rat Pirate creature tokens.
Whenever two or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, you may pay 2 and exile Take All You Can Carry from your graveyard. If you do, create two Treasure tokens.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMETruthseeker's Blade	R	cube	Artifact — Equipment 	200	R	1R	When Truthseeker’s Blade enters, it deals 2 damage to target creature you don’t control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip 3			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEXiyue Dragondancer	R	cube	Creature — Construct Actor 	204	R	2RR	R: Xiyue Dragondancer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever you cycle Xiyue Dragondancer or it attacks, create a Treasure token.
Basic landcycling 1R (1R, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBorder Seeker	G	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	214	G	2G	When Border Seeker dies, search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then you gain 1 life for each land you control.	3/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEColossus of Alkabah	G	cube	Creature — Manticore 	217	G	4GG	Trample
If one or more counters would be put on a permanent you control, three times that many counters are put on that permanent instead.	6/6		normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMECrewmaster Gillo	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Pirate 	218	G	1G	When Gillo enters, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. If it’s a creature card, put it into your hand.
As long as you control five or more creatures with different names, creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrisis in Avaz	G	cube	Battle — Encounter   	219	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it while you and other players attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Avaz enters, search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MC25	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMEDanaj Sightseer	G	cube	Creature — Angel Scout 	220	WUBRG	1G	1: Danaj Sightseer gains lifelink until end of turn if W was spent to activate this ability. The same is true for flying and U, menace and B, first strike and R, and trample and G.
At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells and/or activate abilities this turn, put three +1/+1 counters on Danaj Sightseer.	2/2		normal	MC25		fullart
MartoobREPLACEMEDistant Worlds	G	cube	Sorcery	222	G	3G	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.
You may put up to two land cards from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEFardancer Liege	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid Warrior 	224	G	GG	Fardancer Liege’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of colors of mana that lands you control could produce.	*/*		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEGolna, the First Shah	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	226	G	2G	When Golna, the First Shah enters, create Shir, a legendary 3/3 white Cat creature token with trample.
Monument 5GG (You may cast this transformed from your graveyard for its monument cost. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		The Path of Greatness	G	Legendary Artifact — Monument 	G		Creatures you control have trample, haste, and hexproof.
2GG: Create a 2/2 white Cat creature token.				REPLACEMEHierarch Ranger	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid Ranger 	227	G	G	Encourage (T: Another target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Encourage only as a sorcery.)
T: Add G.
Whenever Hierarch Ranger encourages a creature, add one mana of any color.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEJobiah, Devoted Farmer	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Goat Druid 	231	G	3G	When Jobiah, Devoted Farmer enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control six or more lands with different names, you may transform Jobiah.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Jobiah the World-Shepherd	G	Legendary Creature — God 	G		Indestructible
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may untap target land you control. If you do, that land becomes an X/X green Beast creature with haste until end of turn, where X is the number of differently named lands you control. It’s still a land.	3/3			REPLACEMELasting Legacy	G	cube	Enchantment	232	G	3G	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it is an enchantment. (It still has its abilities, but it’s not a creature or other types.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMELong-Term Method Actor	G	cube	Creature — Construct Elemental 	234	G	2GG	Trample
Whenever you cycle Long-Term Method Actor or it attacks, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Basic landcycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMana Ascetic	G	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	235	G	G	T: Add one mana of any color.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMartoob Beastkeeper	G	cube	Creature — Nephilim Shaman 	236	G	G	Trample
Whenever you cast a spell with more colors than the number of counters on Martoob Beastkeeper, put a +1/+1 counter on Martoob Beastkeeper.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOphorion Refugee	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid 	238	G	G	T: Add G. If you control an attacking creature, add one mana of any color instead.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOsk, the Maker's Pet	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Squirrel 	239	WUBRG	G	T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.
5WUBRG, Sacrifice Osk, the Maker’s Pet: Create Osk Awakened, a legendary 20/20 green Squirrel God creature token with hexproof, trample, and indestructible.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERethia Cultivator	G	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	240	G	2G	When Rethia Cultivator enters, you may search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERhythm of Danaj	G	cube	Enchantment	241	G	4G	As Rhythm of Danaj enters, choose Martoob or Tamaak.
• Martoob — At the beginning of your end step, return a nonland card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
• Tamaak — At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw cards equal to its power.			normal	MC25		Ground cycle
fullartREPLACEMESatrapy Courier	G	cube	Creature — Human Advisor 	243	G	2G	Vigilance
Satrapies you control have “T: Add CC.”	2/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESeeker of Untouched Beauty	G	cube	Creature — Elf Shaman 	244	G	G	As long as you control four or more lands, Seeker of Untouched Beauty gets +2/+2 and has trample.
When Seeker of Untouched Beauty dies, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESpawn of Andazir	G	cube	Creature — Snake Hydra 	248	G	XG	Spawn of Andazir enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Lionize 2G  (2G, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, double the number of +1/+1
counters on it.	0/0		normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEThriving Budling	G	cube	Creature — Treefolk 	250	WUBRG	G	T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce. 
Augmented — At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells this turn, untap Thriving Budling and put three +1/+1 counters on it.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEVoracious Spawn	G	cube	Creature — Horror 	254	G	1G	Whenever Voracious Spawn enters or attacks, exile up to one target card from a graveyard. If you exile a permanent card, put a +1/+1 counter on Voracious Spawn. If you exile a  nonpermanent card, you gain 1 life.	1/1		modal double faced	MC25		Fleshweaver's Domain		Land	G		Fleshweaver’s Domain enters tapped.
T: Add G.				REPLACEMEVoidflare	R	cube	Instant	201	R	R	Voidflare deals 2 damage to any target.
Wanderlust — Voidflare deals 3 damage instead if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEChampion of Scales	R	cube	Creature — Human Soldier 	168	R	RR	First strike, haste
Wanderlust — At the beginning of combat on each of your turns, if you control four or more differently named lands, you may pay 1R. If you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. Exile that token at end of combat.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEArbor Protector	G	cube	Creature — Treefolk Shaman 	209	G	7GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each differently named land you control.
Reach, trample	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUndermarket Guildmaster	B	cube	Creature — Human Rogue 	150	B	3B	Flash
If an opponent would draw a card, that player exiles the top card of their library instead. During each player’s turn, that player may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.	2/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDescend into Insanity	B	cube	Instant	116	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. You lose 2 life.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInfernal Portal	B	cube	Enchantment	124	B	4B	At the beginning of each end step, if a player lost 5 or more life this turn, create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESurge of Darkness	B	cube	Instant	147	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)
Destroy target creature.			normal	MC25		!bannerREPLACEMEJejun, Dark Hunter	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	126	B	4BB	Bloodprice BBBB (You may cast this card by sacrificing a creature and paying its bloodprice.)
Lifelink, haste
Sacrifice another Demon: Jejun, Dark Hunter gains flying and indestructible until end of turn.	6/6		normal	MC25		RB01REPLACEMELizhao, Lord of the Yaogu	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	129	B	5BB	Flying
When Lizhao, Lord of the Yaogu enters, you may put target creature card from an opponent’s graveyard onto the battlefield tapped and under your control.
When Lizhao dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature.
Revive 3BB (3BB, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it has no mana cost. Revive only as a sorcery.)	4/4		normal	MC25		r!art
r!pt
r!cmc
r!abilityREPLACEMEDreadbearer	B	cube	Creature — Leviathan 	119	B	6BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.
At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player loses 1 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature.	6/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEStrike from the Shadows	B	cube	Instant	145	B	BB	Destroy target non-Assassin, non-Ninja, non-Rogue creature.			normal	MC25		#GREPLACEMESudden Drought	B	cube	Instant	146	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEThe Afterlife Takes Its Due	B	cube	Sorcery	107	B	1BBB	Reconstruct 4BBB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)
Destroy all creatures. If The Afterlife Takes Its Due was reconstructed, create an X/X black Zombie Horror creature token, where X is the number of creature cards that have been put into graveyards this turn.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEVibrant Rapture	B	cube	Sorcery	154	B	XBB	All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn. X can’t be 0.
Whenever a creature dies this turn, create a colorless artifact token named Lotus Petal with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAkrianos' Command	W	cube	Instant	9	W	1WW	Choose two —
• Target player creates two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
• Exile target attacking creature.
• Creatures target player controls gain indestructible until end of turn.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and untap it.			normal	MC25		!updateREPLACEMEEdge of the Water	U	cube	Enchantment	65	U	2U	If you would draw one or more cards, instead you may draw that many cards plus one, then discard a card.
As long as ten or more cards are in your graveyard, noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvid Researcher	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	58	U	1U	Eureka! (At the beginning of each end step, you get a research counter if you cast a spell this turn. Then if you have eight or more research counters, remove them and create a Masterpiece token of your choice.)
T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	0/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEScuttling Gnat	U	cube	Creature — Insect 	90	U	U	At the beginning of your upkeep, if six or more cards are in your graveyard, you may transform Scuttling Gnat.	1/1		transform double faced	MC25		Vicious Metamorph	U	Creature — Insect 	U		Flying, protection from Dragons	4/3			REPLACEMEDeparted Evangel	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Monk 	115	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 1 life.
Departed Evangel can’t block.
You may cast Departed Evangel from your graveyard if a creature died this turn.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOne Bad Night	B	cube	Instant	136	WUBRG	1B	Destroy target monocolored creature.
Augmented — If you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells this turn, return that card to the battlefield under your control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEUnearth	B	cube	Sorcery	152	B	B	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	MC25		FLAVORTEXTREPLACEMEWhistling Blades	B	cube	Creature — Horror 	156	B	3BB	When Whistling Blades enters, you may destroy target creature or planeswalker.
Recite 1BB (You may cast this creature from your graveyard for its recite cost. If you do, exile it when it enters or if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECrimson Hellmaw	R	cube	Creature — Zombie Dragon 	169	R	3RR	Flying, haste
When Crimson Hellmaw enters, it deals 3 damage to any target.
Revive 5RR (5RR, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it except it has no mana cost. Revive only as a sorcery.)	3/3		normal	MC25		r!newREPLACEMEBrazen Sacrilege	R	cube	Instant	163	R	RR	Brazen Sacrilege deals 2 damage to any target. Until end of turn, if a red source you control would deal damage to that player or to that permanent’s controller, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAmbitious Truthseeker	R	cube	Creature — Nephilim Warrior 	157	R	3R	Lionize 3R (3R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Menace
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, create that many Treasure tokens.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDawn Over Danaj	G	cube	Battle — Encounter   	221	G	3GG	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Danaj enters or is defeated, draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	MC25	4	REPLACEMEDreaded of Sahra	G	cube	Creature — Demon Warrior 	223	G	6GG	Trample
When Dreaded of Sahra enters, creatures you control become 8/8 Demons in addition to their other types until end of turn.	8/8		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESettling of Danaj	G	cube	Battle — Encounter   	245	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Danaj enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	MC25	4	battle
fullartREPLACEMEMinister of Zealots	R	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	188	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token with haste.
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice each Cleric token you control unless you’ve cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAutumnal Watch	R	cube	Creature — Elf Soldier 	160	R	R	Sacrifice a creature: Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEZare, Heart Transformed	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	205	R	3RRR	Other creatures you control get +3/+0.
When Zare enters, create a 2/1 white Bird creature token with flying and a 3/3 green Horse creature token.
Whenever another creature you control attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.	6/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBlood Cult Covenant	R	cube	Enchantment	162	R	1R	At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Sacrifice a creature, Sacrifice Blood Cult Covenant: Blood Cult Covenant deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECaller of Hunger	G	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	216	G	1G	1GG, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, where X is 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEInto Strange Territories	G	cube	Enchantment	229	G	3G	Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.
Sacrifice Into Strange Territories: Untap up to two lands.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEJade Vault Reclaimer	G	cube	Creature — Human Samurai 	230	G	2G	Spirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
3G, Sacrifice Jade Vault Reclaimer: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/1		normal	MC25		#GREPLACEMESacrificial Bull	G	cube	Creature — Ox 	242	G	1G	G: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a land card, put a +1/+1 counter on Sacrificial Bull.
G, Sacrifice Sacrificial Bull: You gain life equal to its power.	2/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	255	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.
1G: Carnation Petals
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
3G: Pecking Order
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	MC25		REPLACEMEWorld Made Anew	G	cube	Sorcery	256	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
You may put a land card you own from outside the game onto the battlefield.			normal	MC25		https://www.artstation.com/artwork/YwyLYREPLACEMEBeyond All Horizons	G	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	213	G	2G	Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Coalesce 5GG (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
Beyond All Horizons’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you 
control.	*/*		normal	MC25		https://www.artstation.com/artwork/rwB65REPLACEMEFrom Unbidden Realms	G	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	225	G	G	You gain 3 life and you mill three cards.
Coalesce 5G (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5G. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/6		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEStand Unassailable	G	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	249	G	1G	You gain 7 life.
Coalesce 5GG (You may cast this from your graveyard for 5GG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	6/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMETower Over The Sky	G	cube	Sorcery — Revelation 	251	G	XGG	Search your library for a card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost if it’s a green creature or Revelation spell with mana value X or less. Then shuffle.
Coalesce XXGGGG (You may cast this from your graveyard for XXGGGG. If you do, it enters as a Horror creature after it resolves. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMETwisted Stampede	G	cube	Sorcery	252	G	5GGG	Create four 3/3 green Elemental creature tokens.
Flashback 7GGG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBuild Monsters from Relics	G	cube	Sorcery	215	G	2G	Create a 3/2 green Horror creature token.
Reconstruct 4G (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)			normal	MC25		Dream On — Aerosmith REPLACEMEDoom	B	cube	Sorcery	117	B	2B	Doom deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
Reconstruct 3BB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its reconstruct cost reduced by the mana value of a permanent you sacrifice as you cast it this way. Then exile this.)
You may cast Doom from exile by paying 4BBB rather than its mana cost. If you do, shuffle it into your library instead of putting it anywhere else as it resolves.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKui Mu Lang, Warden Below	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Wolf Monk 	184	R	3R		4/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Kui Mu Lang enters, exile a card from your graveyard. When you do, Kui Mu Lang deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to up to one target creature or planeswalker.
2R: Demigod
Exile your hand, then draw three cards.
4RR: God
Cast any number of cards exiled with Kui Mu Lang without paying their mana costs.	class	MC25		!design ScribblREPLACEMEXijiang, the Fiend Judge	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Crab Spirit 	203	R	1R		2/2	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Trample
2R: Demigod
Create a 2/1 black Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”
5R: God
Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste and “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target.”	class	MC25		REPLACEMEHunter's Hideout	G	cube	Enchantment	228	G	1GG	1GG, Discard a card: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
At the beginning of your end step, if twelve or more cards are in your graveyard, create two 3/3 green Beast creature tokens.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEExtraction Mercenary	R	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	175	R	R	When Extraction Mercenary enters, if you attacked this turn, crystallize. (Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Treasure.)
4RR: Extraction Mercenary deals 3 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHorizon Augur	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	71	WUBRG	3U	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, scry 1, then Horizon Augur gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		transform double faced	MC25		Maven of Perspective	WUBRG	Creature — Archon Wizard 	WUBRG		Flying
Whenever you cast a spell, draw a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Maven of Perspective.	5/5			REPLACEMETomb Steward	B	cube	Creature — Mutant Rogue 	148	WUBRG	2B	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)
When Tomb Steward enters, search your library for a card and put it into your graveyard. Then shuffle.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Profaner of Graves	WUBRG	Creature — Archon Rogue 	WUBRG		Flying, lifelink
Pay 5 life: Put target permanent card in a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	5/5			REPLACEMEEmerald Warcaller	R	cube	Creature — Human Warrior 	173	WUBRG	2R	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token with haste. That token attacks this combat if able.	2/2		transform double faced	MC25		Crimson Skycaller	WUBRG	Creature — Archon Warrior 	WUBRG		Flying
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. That token attacks this combat if able.	5/5			REPLACEMESower of Wishes	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid 	247	WUBRG	2G	Chosen one (WUBRG: Transform this permanent.)
When Sower of Wishes enters, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest back on top in any order.	3/3		transform double faced	MC25		Harbinger of Fantasy	WUBRG	Creature — Archon Druid 	WUBRG		Flying
At the beginning of your first main phase, you may put any number of land cards from your hand onto the battlefield, then draw a card for each land put onto the battlefield this way.	5/5			REPLACEMEAvatar of the Natural	G	cube	Creature — Avatar 	211	G	GG	Reach, trample
If a +1/+1 counter would be put on another creature you control, instead put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and on Avatar of the Natural.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMECasualty of War	R	cube	Instant	167	R	1RR	Casualty of War deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
2RR, Exile Casualty of War from your graveyard: Arm up to two target creatures you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2, then attach it to that creature.)			normal	MC25		REPLACEMECalamari Dragon	R	cube	Creature — Squid Dragon 	166	R	3RR	During your turn, cards in your hand have cycling X, where X is the number of cards you’ve discarded this turn.
At the beginning of each end step, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token for each card you discarded this turn.
Cycling R (R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEHao'Tai, the Ancient One	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	180	R	2RR	Flying, trample
Whenever Hao’Tai, the Ancient One deals combat damage to a player, exile the top four cards of that player’s library. Until end of turn, you may cast instant, sorcery, and creature cards from among those exiled cards, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast them.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMerkurio's Familiar	R	cube	Creature — Phoenix 	187	R	2RR	Flying, haste
XRR, Exile an instant or sorcery card with mana value X from your graveyard: Return Merkurio’s Familiar from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gets +X/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEWorldheart Avatar	R	cube	Creature — Elemental Avatar 	202	WUBRG	3R	Double strike
The first spell you cast during each of your turns costs WUBRG less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.	2/4		normal	MC25		VORTHOSREPLACEMEZhu Long, Refulgent Wind	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	206	WUBRG	4R	Flying
When Zhu Long enters, if WUBRG was spent to cast it, untap up to five target lands.
Once during each of your turns, when you cast an instant or sorcery spell, if no more than one mana of each color was spent to cast it, you may copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEPurphoros, the Fervid Flame	R	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	190	R	2R	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red is less than five, Purphoros isn’t a creature.
Whenever you attack, Purphoros deals 1 damage to any target.
3R: Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.	6/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMERoggar the Furious	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	192	R	1RR	Spirited (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its costs.) (When this creature enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
1R, Discard a red card: Roggar deals 2 damage to any target. This damage can’t be prevented.
2R, Exile a red card from your graveyard: Create two tapped 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens.	2/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEScorch	R	cube	Sorcery	194	R	R	Scorch deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENylea, the Wild Chase	G	cube	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	237	G	4G	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green is less than five, Nylea isn’t a creature.
Whenever another creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
1G: Until end of turn, another target creature you control gains haste and can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or less.	7/7		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAncient of the Glade	G	cube	Creature — Elemental 	208	G	3GG	When Ancient of the Glade enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.
2, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: That creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvatar of Plume de Val	G	cube	Creature — Avatar 	210	G	3G	If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.
If an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts twice that many of those counters on that permanent instead.	4/4		normal	MC25		MSEMCHANGE!cajunREPLACEMEUntethered Disciple	G	cube	Creature — Insect Monk 	253	G	2GG	Whenever you cast a nongreen spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Wanderlust — When Untethered Disciple enters, if you control four or more differently named lands, create two 1/1 Scout creature tokens that are all colors.	3/2		normal	MC25		!RGREPLACEMEBabyscale Bruiser	G	cube	Creature — Lizard Scout 	212	G	1G	When Babyscale Bruiser enters, you may reveal a creature card from your hand. If you do, Babyscale Bruiser deals damage to target creature an opponent controls equal to the revealed card’s power. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Babyscale Bruiser.	2/3		normal	MC25		REPLACEMELeyran Alpha	G	cube	Creature — Wolf 	233	G	4GG	Trample
When Leyran Alpha enters, create three 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens with haste.
Whenever a creature you control deals damage to an opponent, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.	4/4		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvaz Citadel		cube	Land — Satrapy 	451	R		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “1R, T, Discard a card: Draw a card.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAvaz Fortress		cube	Land — Satrapy 	452	R		As Avaz Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Avaz Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R.”			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEAvaz Sanctuary		cube	Land — Satrapy 	453	WR		Avaz Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R or W.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEAvaz Temple		cube	Land — Satrapy 	454	RG		Avaz Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R or G.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEBurgeoning Satrapy		cube	Land — Satrapy 	455	C		T: Add C.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	MC25		fullart
NeutralREPLACEMEDanaj Citadel		cube	Land — Satrapy 	456	G		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “1G, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEDanaj Fortress		cube	Land — Satrapy 	457	G		As Danaj Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Danaj Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G.”			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEDanaj Sanctuary		cube	Land — Satrapy 	458	UG		Danaj Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G or U.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEDanaj Temple		cube	Land — Satrapy 	459	BG		Danaj Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B or G.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEKaneh Citadel		cube	Land — Satrapy 	460	B		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “1B, T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEKaneh Fortress		cube	Land — Satrapy 	461	B		As Kaneh Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Kaneh Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B.”			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMEKaneh Sanctuary		cube	Land — Satrapy 	462	WB		Kaneh Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W or B.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEKaneh Temple		cube	Land — Satrapy 	463	BR		Kaneh Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B or R.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEMarketplace Crossroads		cube	Land — Satrapy 	464	C		T: Add C.
Tap five untapped Satrapies you control: Add six mana in any combination of colors.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMercantile Satrapy		cube	Land — Satrapy 	465	C		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control enter untapped.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENeutral Citystate		cube	Land — Satrapy 	466	C		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “1, T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENizev Citadel		cube	Land — Satrapy 	467	U		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “U, T: Each opponent mills a card.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMENizev Fortress		cube	Land — Satrapy 	468	U		As Nizev Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Nizev Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U.”			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMENizev Sanctuary		cube	Land — Satrapy 	469	UR		Nizev Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U or R.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMENizev Temple		cube	Land — Satrapy 	470	UB		Nizev Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U or B.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMEShifting City		cube	Land	471	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Shifting City: Search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESoli Citadel		cube	Land — Satrapy 	472	W		T: Add C.
Satrapies you control have “1W, T, Exile a card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.”			normal	MC25		REPLACEMESoli Fortress		cube	Land — Satrapy 	473	W		As Soli Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Soli Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W.”			normal	MC25		fullartREPLACEMESoli Sanctuary		cube	Land — Satrapy 	474	WU		Soli Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W or U.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMESoli Temple		cube	Land — Satrapy 	475	WG		Soli Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G or W.”			normal	MC25		!tappedREPLACEMESoli Rising	G	cube	Battle — Encounter   	246	G	1G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Soli Rising enters, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	MC25	3	REPLACEMEMahnaz of Moonlit Blades	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	185	R	1RR	Armies you control attack each combat if able.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, recruit. (Create a 0/0 white Soldier Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.)	2/1		normal	MC25		*Community Legend RW Go Wide
Designed

Red RW: ZangyREPLACEMEHelena, the Awakener	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Helena 	27	W	1WW			[+1]: Create a 1/1 red Cleric creature token. If you control three or more Clerics, you may instead create Aspect of Faradia, a legendary 5/5 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.
[-1]: Exile target creature if you control an Angel. Otherwise, that creature can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated until your next turn.
[-7]: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain flying and vigilance until end of turn.	planeswalker	MC25	3	REPLACEMELisa, the Daughter	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human 	35	W	2W	When Lisa, the Daughter enters, create Mother, a legendary 4/1 black Demon creature token with flying and “This creature can’t block.”
If a source would deal damage to Lisa while you control a Demon creature, instead that damage is dealt to a Demon creature you control of your choice.	1/1		normal	MC25		REPLACEMEMutual Destruction	B	cube	Enchantment	133	B	2BB	Whenever a creature you control dies, destroy target creature you don’t control.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEOut-of-Body Experience	W	cube	Instant	41	W	W	Exile target creature. That creature’s controller creates a 1/1 blue Elemental creature token with flying.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEForbiddance	U	cube	Instant	67	U	UU	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEBlazing Exultation	R	cube	Instant	161	R	1R	Blazing Exultation deals 3 damage to any target.
2R: Shuffle Blazing Exultation and up to one other instant or sorcery card from your graveyard into your library.			normal	MC25		!FT: GynoidpoetREPLACEMEFatal Decision	B	cube	Sorcery	121	B	1BB	Choose one —
• Exile all creature tokens.
• Exile target creature or planeswalker.
• Each opponent exiles a card from their hand and loses 2 life.			normal	MC25		REPLACEMEAmorphous Tyrant	G	cube	Creature — Horror 	207	G	3GG	Reach, vigilance
When Amorphous Tyrant enters, another target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.
Evoke G (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	6/5		normal	MC25		REPLACEMESearch for a New Land	U	cube	Enchantment	91	U	1U	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
2UU, Sacrifice Search for a New Land: Draw two cards.			normal	MC25		prev: "Exploration is courage! Braving the unknown for lands of unfounded promise. But sometimes feels like running away."REPLACEME